[Wikipedia: Scott Derrickson] Scott Derrickson (born July 16, 1966) is an American director, screenwriter and producer.  He lives in Los Angeles, California.  He is best known for directing horror films such as "Sinister", "The Exorcism of Emily Rose", and "Deliver Us From Evil", as well as the 2016 Marvel Cinematic Universe installment, "Doctor Strange."

[Wikipedia: Ed Wood] Edward Davis Wood Jr. (October 10, 1924 – December 10, 1978) was an American filmmaker, actor, writer, producer, and director.

[Wikipedia: Shirley Temple] Shirley Temple Black (April 23, 1928 – February 10, 2014) was an American actress, singer, dancer, businesswoman, and diplomat who was Hollywood's number one box-office draw as a child actress from 1935 to 1938.  As an adult, she was named United States ambassador to Ghana and to Czechoslovakia and also served as Chief of Protocol of the United States.

[Wikipedia: Kiss and Tell (1945 film)] Kiss and Tell is a 1945 American comedy film starring then 17-year-old Shirley Temple as Corliss Archer.  In the film, two teenage girls cause their respective parents much concern when they start to become interested in boys.  The parents' bickering about which girl is the worse influence causes more problems than it solves.

[Wikipedia: The Hork-Bajir Chronicles] The Hork-Bajir Chronicles is the second companion book to the "Animorphs" series, written by K. A. Applegate.  With respect to continuity within the series, it takes place before book #23, "The Pretender", although the events told in the story occur between the time of "The Ellimist Chronicles" and "The Andalite Chronicles".  The book is introduced by Tobias, who flies to the valley of the free Hork-Bajir, where Jara Hamee tells him the story of how the Yeerks enslaved the Hork-Bajir, and how Aldrea, an Andalite, and her companion, Dak Hamee, a Hork-Bajir, tried to save their world from the invasion.  Jara Hamee's story is narrated from the points of view of Aldrea, Dak Hamee, and Esplin 9466, alternating in similar fashion to the "Megamorphs" books.

[Wikipedia: Animorphs] Animorphs is a science fantasy series of young adult books written by Katherine Applegate and her husband Michael Grant, writing together under the name K. A. Applegate, and published by Scholastic.  It is told in first person, with all six main characters taking turns narrating the books through their own perspectives.  Horror, war, dehumanization, sanity, morality, innocence, leadership, freedom and growing up are the core themes of the series.

[Wikipedia: Laleli Mosque] The Laleli Mosque (Turkish: "Laleli Camii, or Tulip Mosque" ) is an 18th-century Ottoman imperial mosque located in Laleli, Fatih, Istanbul, Turkey.

[Wikipedia: Esma Sultan Mansion] The Esma Sultan Mansion (Turkish: "Esma Sultan Yalısı" ), a historical yalı (English: waterside mansion ) located at Bosphorus in Ortaköy neighborhood of Istanbul, Turkey and named after its original owner Esma Sultan, is used today as a cultural center after being redeveloped.

[Wikipedia: Adriana Trigiani] Adriana Trigiani is an Italian American best-selling author of sixteen books, television writer, film director, and entrepreneur based in Greenwich Village, New York City.  Trigiani has published a novel a year since 2000.

[Wikipedia: Big Stone Gap (film)] Big Stone Gap is a 2014 American drama romantic comedy film written and directed by Adriana Trigiani and produced by Donna Gigliotti for Altar Identity Studios, a subsidiary of Media Society.  Based on Trigiani's 2000 best-selling novel of the same name, the story is set in the actual Virginia town of Big Stone Gap circa 1970s.  The film had its world premiere at the Virginia Film Festival on November 6, 2014.

[Wikipedia: 2014 S/S] 2014 S/S is the debut album of South Korean group WINNER.  It was released on August 12, 2014 by the group's record label, YG Entertainment.  The members were credited for writing the lyrics and composing the majority of the album's songs.

[Wikipedia: Winner (band)] Winner (Hangul: 위너), often stylized as WINNER, is a South Korean boy group formed in 2013 by YG Entertainment and debuted in 2014.  It currently consists of four members, Jinwoo, Seunghoon, Mino and Seungyoon.  Originally a five-piece group with Taehyun, who later departed from the group in November 2016.

[Wikipedia: Eenasul Fateh] Eenasul Fateh (Bengali: ঈনাসুল ফাতেহ ; born 3 April 1959), also known by his stage name Aladin, is a Bangladeshi-British cultural practitioner, magician, live artist and former international management consultant.

[Wikipedia: Management consulting] Management consulting is the practice of helping organizations to improve their performance, operating primarily through the analysis of existing organizational problems and the development of plans for improvement.  Organizations may draw upon the services of management consultants for a number of reasons, including gaining external (and presumably objective) advice and access to the consultants' specialized expertise.

[Wikipedia: Androscoggin Bank Colisée] The Androscoggin Bank Colisée (formerly Central Maine Civic Center and Lewiston Colisee) is a 4,000 capacity (3,677 seated) multi-purpose arena, in Lewiston, Maine, that opened in 1958.  In 1965 it was the location of the World Heavyweight Title fight during which one of the most famous sports photographs of the century was taken of Muhammed Ali standing over Sonny Liston.

[Wikipedia: Lewiston Maineiacs] The Lewiston Maineiacs were a junior ice hockey team of the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League based in Lewiston, Maine.  The team played its home games at the Androscoggin Bank Colisée.  They were the second QMJHL team in the United States, and the only one to play a full season.  They won the President's Cup in 2007.

[Wikipedia: Annie Morton] Annie Morton (born October 8, 1970) is an American model born in Pennsylvania.  She has appeared on the covers of "British Vogue", "ID", "Marie Claire", and other magazines.  She has been photographed by Helmut Newton; Peter Lindbergh; Annie Leibovitz; Richard Avedon; Juergen Teller; Paul Jasmin, Mary Ellen Mark and Terry Richardson, and modeled for Donna Karan, Givenchy, Guerlain, Chanel, "Harper's Bazaar", "Sports Illustrated" and Victoria's Secret.  A long time vegetarian, an advocate for organic lifestyle choices and natural healthcare.  She co-founded Tsi-La Organics, a "Green Luxury" company that creates and sells vegan, organic perfume and skin care products.

[Wikipedia: Terry Richardson] Terrence "Uncle Terry" Richardson (born August 14, 1965) is an American fashion and portrait photographer who has shot advertising campaigns for Marc Jacobs, Aldo, Supreme, Sisley, Tom Ford, and Yves Saint Laurent among others.  He has also done work for magazines such as "Rolling Stone", "GQ", "Vogue", "Vanity Fair", "Harper's Bazaar", "i-D", and "Vice".

[Wikipedia: Local H] Local H is an American rock band originally formed by guitarist and vocalist Scott Lucas, bassist Matt Garcia, drummer Joe Daniels, and lead guitarist John Sparkman in Zion, Illinois in 1987.  The members all met in high school in 1987 and founded Local H three years later.

[Wikipedia: For Against] For Against is a United States post-punk/dream pop band from Lincoln, Nebraska.  Despite numerous lineup shuffles and some periods of dormancy, the band has produced material steadily from its 1984 inception to the present.

[Wikipedia: Kansas Song] Kansas Song (We’re From Kansas) is a fight song of the University of Kansas.

[Wikipedia: University of Kansas] The University of Kansas, often referred to as KU or Kansas, is a public research university in the U.S. state of Kansas.  The main campus in Lawrence, one of the largest college towns in Kansas, is on Mount Oread, the highest elevation in Lawrence.  Two branch campuses are in the Kansas City metropolitan area: the Edwards Campus in Overland Park, and the university's medical school and hospital in Kansas City.  There are also educational and research sites in Parsons, Topeka, Garden City, Hays, and Leavenworth, and branches of the medical school in Wichita and Salina.  The university is one of the 62 members of the Association of American Universities.

[Wikipedia: David Weissman] David Weissman is a screenwriter and director.  His film credits include "The Family Man" (2000), "Evolution" (2001), and ""When in Rome"" (2010).

[Wikipedia: The Family Man] The Family Man is a 2000 American romantic comedy-drama film directed by Brett Ratner, written by David Diamond and David Weissman, and starring Nicolas Cage and Téa Leoni.  Cage's production company, Saturn Films, helped produce the film.  The film centers on a man who sees what could have been had he made a different decision 13 years prior.

[Wikipedia: End of Days (film)] End of Days is a 1999 American fantasy action horror thriller film directed by Peter Hyams and starring Arnold Schwarzenegger, Gabriel Byrne, Robin Tunney, Kevin Pollak, Rod Steiger, CCH Pounder, and Udo Kier.  The film follows former New York Police Department detective Jericho Cane (Schwarzenegger) after he saves a banker (Byrne) from an assassin, finds himself embroiled in a religious conflict, and must protect an innocent young woman (Tunney) who is chosen by evil forces to conceive the Antichrist with Satan.

[Wikipedia: Oh My God (Guns N' Roses song)] "Oh My God" is a song by Guns N' Roses released in 1999 on the soundtrack to the film "End of Days".  The song was sent out to radio stations in November 1999 as a promo for the soundtrack and the band.  Despite being the band's first recorded release in almost five years, it was never issued as a stand-alone single for public retail.

[Wikipedia: 888 7th Avenue] 888 7th Avenue is a 628 ft (191m) tall modern-style office skyscraper in Midtown Manhattan which was completed in 1969 and has 46 floors.  Emery Roth & Sons designed the building, which is tied with Central Park Place for the 65th tallest building in New York City.  It currently carries the Vornado Realty Trust corporate headquarters.  Previously known as the Arlen Building, its namesake being the company responsible for its construction, Arlen Realty & Development Corporation.  The Red Eye Grill is located in the building at street level.

[Wikipedia: Random House Tower] The Random House Tower, also known as the Park Imperial Apartments, is a 52-story mixed-use tower in New York City, United States, that is used as the headquarters of book publisher Random House and a luxury apartment complex.  The book publisher entrance is on Broadway and goes up to 27 floors, while the apartment complex entrance is on West 56th Street.

[Wikipedia: 1995–96 Manchester United F.C. season] The 1995–96 season was Manchester United's fourth season in the Premier League, and their 21st consecutive season in the top division of English football.  United finished the season by becoming the first English team to win the Double (league title and FA Cup) twice.  Their triumph was made all the more remarkable by the fact that Alex Ferguson had sold experienced players Paul Ince, Mark Hughes and Andrei Kanchelskis before the start of the season, and not made any major signings.  Instead, he had drafted in young players like Nicky Butt, David Beckham, Paul Scholes and the Neville brothers, Gary and Phil.

[Wikipedia: Alex Ferguson] Sir Alexander Chapman Ferguson, CBE (born 31 December 1941) is a Scottish former football manager and player who managed Manchester United from 1986 to 2013.  He is regarded by many players, managers and analysts to be one of the greatest and most successful managers of all time.

[Wikipedia: Brown State Fishing Lake] Brown State Fishing Lake (sometimes also known as Brown State Fishing Lake And Wildlife Area) is a protected area in Brown County, Kansas in the United States.  The lake is 62 acres (0.25 km²) in area and up to 13 feet (4 m) deep.  The area was formerly known as Brown County State Park, and is 8 miles (13 km) east of Hiawatha, Kansas.

[Wikipedia: Brown County, Kansas] Brown County (county code BR) is a county located in the northeast portion of the U.S. state of Kansas.  As of the 2010 census, the county population was 9,984.  Its county seat and most populous city is Hiawatha.  Brown County is the location of the Kickapoo Indian Reservation of Kansas, the majority of the Sac and Fox Reservation and the majority of the Iowa Reservation of Kansas and Nebraska.

[Wikipedia: America East Conference] The America East Conference is a collegiate athletic conference affiliated with the NCAA Division I, whose members are located mainly in the Northeastern United States.  The conference was known as the Eastern College Athletic Conference-North from 1979 to 1988 and the North Atlantic Conference from 1988 to 1996.

[Wikipedia: Vermont Catamounts men's soccer] The Vermont Catamounts men's soccer team represents the University of Vermont in all NCAA Division I men's college soccer competitions.  The team competes in the America East Conference.

[Wikipedia: Giuseppe Verdi] Giuseppe Fortunino Francesco Verdi (] ; 9 or 10 October 1813 – 27 January 1901) was an Italian opera composer.

[Wikipedia: Ambroise Thomas] Charles Louis Ambroise Thomas (5 August 1811 – 12 February 1896) was a French composer, best known for his operas "Mignon" (1866) and "Hamlet" (1868, after Shakespeare) and as Director of the Conservatoire de Paris from 1871 till his death.

[Wikipedia: Richard Nixon] Richard Milhous Nixon (January 9, 1913 – April 22, 1994) was the 37th President of the United States from 1969 until 1974, when he resigned from office, the only U.S. president to do so.  He had previously served as the 36th Vice President of the United States from 1953 to 1961, and prior to that as a U.S. Representative and also Senator from California.

[Wikipedia: Roger O. Egeberg] Roger Olaf Egeberg, M.D. (13 November 1902 – 13 September 1997 Washington, D.C.) was an American medical educator, administrator and advocate of public health.  He was General Douglas MacArthur's personal physician during World War II in the Pacific theater.  His other roles included Assistant Secretary for Health and Scientific Affairs in the Department of Health, Education, and Welfare (now the United States Department of Health and Human Services) during the Nixon administration and Dean of the University of Southern California's medical school.

[Wikipedia: Henry Roth] Henry Roth (February 8, 1906 – October 13, 1995) was an American novelist and short story writer.

[Wikipedia: Robert Erskine Childers] Robert Erskine Childers DSC (25 June 1870 – 24 November 1922), universally known as Erskine Childers, was a British writer, whose works included the influential novel "The Riddle of the Sands", and a Fenian revolutionary who smuggled guns to Ireland in his sailing yacht "Asgard".  He was executed by the authorities of the nascent Irish Free State during the Irish Civil War.  He was the son of British Orientalist scholar Robert Caesar Childers; the cousin of Hugh Childers and Robert Barton; and the father of the fourth President of Ireland, Erskine Hamilton Childers.

[Wikipedia: Sergio Pérez] Sergio Pérez Mendoza (    ; born 26 January 1990) also known as "Checo" Pérez, is a Mexican racing driver, currently driving for Force India.

[Wikipedia: Formula One drivers from Mexico] There have been six Formula One drivers from Mexico who have taken part in races since the championship began in 1950.  Pedro Rodríguez is the most successful Mexican driver being the only one to have won a grand prix.  Sergio Pérez, the only other Mexican to finish on the podium, currently races with Sahara Force India F1 Team .

[Wikipedia: Jim Cummings] James Jonah Cummings (born November 3, 1952) is an American voice actor and singer, who has appeared in almost 400 roles.  He is known for voicing the title character from "Darkwing Duck", Dr. Robotnik from "Sonic the Hedgehog", and Pete.  His other characters include Winnie the Pooh, Tigger, and the Tasmanian Devil.  He has performed in numerous Disney and DreamWorks animations including "Aladdin", "The Lion King", "Balto", "Antz", "The Road to El Dorado", "Shrek", and "The Princess and the Frog".  He has also provided voice-over work for video games, such as "Icewind Dale", "Fallout", "", "Baldur's Gate", "Mass Effect 2", "", "", "", and "Splatterhouse".

[Wikipedia: A Rather Blustery Day] "A Rather Blustery Day" is a whimsical song from the Walt Disney musical film featurette, "Winnie the Pooh and the Blustery Day".  It was written by Robert & Richard Sherman and sung by Jim Cummings as "Pooh".

[Wikipedia: Apple Remote] The Apple Remote is a remote control device released in or after October 2005 by Apple Inc. for use with a number of its products which use infrared capabilities.  The device was originally designed to interact with the Front Row media program on the iSight iMac G5 and is compatible with some later desktop and portable Macintosh computers.  The first three generations of Apple TV used the Apple Remote as their primary control mechanism.  It has now been replaced with the Siri Remote in the fourth generation.  Prior to the Apple Remote, Apple produced several nameless IR remotes for products such as the Macintosh TV, TV tuner expansion boards, and the PowerCD drive.

[Wikipedia: Front Row (software)] Front Row is a discontinued media center software application for Apple's Macintosh computers and Apple TV for navigating and viewing video, photos, podcasts, and music from a computer, optical disc, or the Internet through a 10-foot user interface (similar to Windows Media Center and Kodi).  The software relies on iTunes and iPhoto and is controlled by an Apple Remote or the keyboard function keys.  The first version was released October 2005, with two major revisions since.  Front Row was removed and discontinued in Mac OS X 10.7.

[Wikipedia: Wolf Alice] Wolf Alice are a four-piece alternative rock band from North London, formed initially as a two-person band in 2010.  Its members since 2012 are Ellie Rowsell (vocals, guitar), Joff Oddie (guitars, vocals), Theo Ellis (bass), and Joel Amey (drums, vocals).

[Wikipedia: Badly Drawn Boy] Damon Michael Gough (born 2 October 1969, in Dunstable, Bedfordshire), known by the stage name Badly Drawn Boy, is an English indie singer-songwriter and multi-instrumentalist.

[Wikipedia: Kyle Loveless] Kyle Loveless is a Republican politician from Oklahoma and a former member of the Oklahoma Senate. Loveless represented the 45th district, which included parts of Oklahoma City. He was elected to the Senate in 2012, replacing Steve Russell, and was reelected in 2016; Loveless ran unopposed in both races. In 2017, Loveless resigned while under criminal investigation for embezzling campaign funds; he pled guilty to three felony charges later in the year.

[Wikipedia: I'm Just a Singer (In a Rock and Roll Band)] "I'm Just a Singer (In a Rock and Roll Band)" is a 1973 hit single by the English progressive rock band The Moody Blues. It was first released in 1972 as the final track on the album "Seventh Sojourn". "I'm Just a Singer (In a Rock and Roll Band)" was later released as a single in 1973, with "For My Lady" on the B-side. It was the second single released from "Seventh Sojourn", with the first being "Isn't Life Strange" (also written by John Lodge).

[Wikipedia: Lovespell] Lovespell is a 1981 fantasy romantic tragedy film featuring Richard Burton as King Mark of Cornwall. It was directed by Tom Donovan. Originally filmed in 1979, this film got released for limited screenings in theaters in 1981. It is based on the classic saga of "Tristan and Isolde", which was also the basis for the 2006 film "Tristan and Isolde".

[Wikipedia: Kevin J. O'Connor (attorney)] Kevin J. O'Connor serves as general counsel at Point72 Asset Management. Previously, he served as an attorney appointed by President George W. Bush and was unanimously confirmed by the United States Senate as Connecticut’s 48th United States Attorney in 2002. From January to April 2006, O'Connor served as Associate Deputy Attorney General of the United States. In 2007, O'Connor served as Chief of Staff to United States Attorney General Alberto R. Gonzales. In 2008, O'Connor was unanimously confirmed as Associate Attorney General of the United States, the number three position at the U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ), a post he held until 2009, when he left the DOJ to join the law firm of Bracewell and Giuliani.

[Wikipedia: Husband E. Kimmel] Husband Edward Kimmel (February 26, 1882 – May 14, 1968), nicknamed "Kim", was an admiral in the United States Navy. At the time of the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor, he was Commander in Chief of the United States Fleet (CINCUS) and the U.S. Pacific Fleet (CINCPACFLT). He was removed from command after the December 1941 attack and reduced from four-star to the two-star rank of rear admiral. He retired from the Navy in early 1942.

[Wikipedia: Yakutat Airport] Yakutat Airport (IATA: YAK, ICAO: PAYA, FAA LID: YAK) is a state owned, public use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) southeast of the central business district of Yakutat, a city and borough in the U.S. state of Alaska which has no road access to the outside world. Airline service is subsidized by the Essential Air Service program.

[Wikipedia: Søren Rasted] Søren Nystrøm Rasted (born Søren Rasted on 13 June 1969 in Blovstrød, Denmark) is a Danish musician, singer, songwriter and record producer. He plays keyboard, guitar and sings backing vocals. He is one of the four members of Danish eurodance group Aqua, and was married to the Aqua vocalist Lene Nystrøm.

[Wikipedia: Fred 2: Night of the Living Fred] Fred 2: Night of the Living Fred is a 2011 television comedy film. The film is the sequel to the 2010 film "", based on the adventures of Fred Figglehorn, a character created and played by Lucas Cruikshank for Cruikshank's YouTube channel. It is a Halloween themed sequel. Jennette McCurdy, who played Bertha in the original "Fred", did not return and is replaced by Daniella Monet. John Cena returns as Mr. Figglehorn (Fred's imaginary father), and Jake Weary returns to play Kevin. "Supah Ninjas" star Carlos Knight co-stars as Kevin's friend and partner. Pixie Lott, who played Judy in the first film, did not return and therefore her character was written out of the plot; it is revealed by Fred that they broke up and she was the one to break up with him, proving they went out following the events of the previous film.

[Wikipedia: Baganga Protected Landscape] The Baganga Protected Landscape, in Mindanao in the Philippines, is one of four protected watershed areas of the province of Davao Oriental. It covers the Upper Baganga River Basin in the Mindanao Pacific Cordillera, the primary source of water for the Baganga Water District. The Baganga River, the main river channel of the municipality of Baganga, flows on a northeastern direction towards the Baganga Bay. The river system includes the Languyon River, Daquit River, Mahanob River, Dapnan River and Kinablang River all emptying into the Philippine Sea. It was established in 1987 as the Baganga Watershed Forest Reserve with an area of 114 ha . The watershed was declared a protected landscape in 2000.

[Wikipedia: Stuart Hall High School] Stuart Hall High School is an all boys college-preparatory high school located in San Francisco's Pacific Heights district. Stuart Hall High School is a relatively new school, opening in the fall of 2000. Together, Stuart Hall High School, Convent of the Sacred Heart High School, Convent Elementary, and Stuart Hall for Boys, is part of an international network of schools known as the Schools of the Sacred Heart.

[Wikipedia: LSU Alma Mater] The "LSU Alma Mater" was written in 1929 by Lloyd Funchess and Harris Downey, two students who developed the original song and music because LSU's first alma mater was sung to the tune of "Far Above Cayuga's Waters" and was used by Cornell University. The band plays the "Alma Mater" during pregame and at the end of each home football game. Also, members of the band join arm-in-arm at the end of rehearsals on Saturday game days and sing the "Alma Mater" before leaving the practice facility.

[Wikipedia: Billy Sims] Billy Ray Sims (born September 18, 1955) is a former American college and professional football player who was a running back in the National Football League (NFL) for five seasons during the 1980s. Sims played college football for the University of Oklahoma, where he was a two-time consensus All-American, and won the Heisman Trophy in 1978. He was the first overall pick in the 1980 NFL Draft, and played professionally for the NFL's Detroit Lions. Sims was the last Oklahoma player taken Number 1 overall in the NFL Draft until quarterback Sam Bradford was taken first in the 2010 NFL Draft. He was given the nickname "Kung Fu Billy Sims" by ESPN's Chris Berman, after a game where the Detroit Lions played the Houston Oilers. In the NFL Films highlight, rather than be tackled during a rushing attempt, Sims ran at, jumped, and, while fully airborne, kicked Oilers Cornerback Steve Brown in the head.

[Wikipedia: List of Scream Queens (2015 TV series) episodes] "Scream Queens" is an American comedy horror television series created for Fox by Ryan Murphy, Brad Falchuk and Ian Brennan and produced by Murphy, Falchuk, Brennan and Alexis Martin Woodall. The series is produced by 20th Century Fox Television, Ryan Murphy Productions, Brad Falchuck Teley-vision and Prospect Films. The series premiered on September 22, 2015. The second season premiered on September 20, 2016.

[Wikipedia: Rock City (duo)] Rock City is an American musical duo formed in 2003, from Saint Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands. The duo consists of brothers Theron and Timothy Thomas, who use the stage names Uptown AP and A.I. respectively. They are also a songwriting and record production team. The duo have also released music under the names R. City and Planet VI. Their debut album, "What Dreams Are Made Of", was released in 2015. They are known for the single "Locked Away" featuring Adam Levine.

[Wikipedia: The Blame (song)] "The Blame" is a song recorded by American country music group Highway 101. It was released in September 1991 as the second single from the album "Bing Bang Boom". The song reached #31 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart. The song was written by the group's drummer Cactus Moser, along with Paul Nelson and Gene Nelson.

[Wikipedia: Aspen Institute Wye River Conference Centers] The Aspen Institute Wye River Conference Centers consists of 1100 acre acres overlooking the Wye River on Maryland's Eastern Shore.

[Wikipedia: Edwin L. Mechem] Edwin Leard Mechem (July 2, 1912November 27, 2002) was a prominent Republican politician from New Mexico. He served as the 15th, 17th and 19th Governor of New Mexico and represented the state in the United States Senate. Mechem was the first person born in the 20th century to become the state's governor, as well as the first person born in New Mexico after statehood to succeed to the office. He later served as a Federal Judge.

[Wikipedia: Toyota IMV platform] The Toyota IMV platform is an automobile platform for SUVs, pickups/light trucks and passenger cars from Toyota. "IMV" stands for "Innovative International Multi-purpose Vehicle".

[Wikipedia: Edelweiss (song)] "Edelweiss" is a show tune from the 1959 Rodgers and Hammerstein musical "The Sound of Music". It is named after the edelweiss, a white flower found high in the Alps "(Leontopodium alpinum)". It was created for the 1959 Broadway production of "The Sound of Music" in the role originated by performer Theodore Bikel as a song for the character of Captain Georg Ludwig von Trapp. In the musical, Captain von Trapp and his family sing this song during the concert near the end of Act II as a statement of Austrian patriotism in the face of the pressure put upon him to join the navy of Nazi Germany following the Anschluss. It is also Captain von Trapp's subliminal goodbye to his beloved homeland, using the flower as a symbol of his loyalty to Austria. In the 1965 film adaptation, the song is also sung by the Captain earlier in the film when he rediscovers music with his children.

[Wikipedia: Alex da Kid] Alexander Grant (born 27 August 1982), professionally known as Alex da Kid, is a British music producer from Wood Green, London. He has gained recognition for producing several hit singles for a plethora of artists in various music genres, such as Dr. Dre ("I Need a Doctor"), Nicki Minaj ("Massive Attack"), B.o.B ("Airplanes" featuring Hayley Williams), Eminem ("Love the Way You Lie" featuring Rihanna), Diddy ("Coming Home" with Dirty Money featuring Skylar Grey), Imagine Dragons ("Radioactive") and Cheryl ("Under The Sun").

[Wikipedia: Samsung Galaxy S7] Samsung Galaxy S7 and Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge are Android smartphones manufactured and marketed by Samsung Electronics. The S7 series serves as the successor to the Galaxy S6, S6 Edge and S6 Edge+ released in 2015. The phones were officially unveiled on 21 February 2016, during a Samsung press conference at Mobile World Congress, with a European and North American release on 11 March 2016.

[Wikipedia: The Chronicle of Philanthropy] The Chronicle of Philanthropy is a magazine that covers the nonprofit world. Based in Washington, DC, it is aimed at charity leaders, foundation executives, fund raisers, and other people involved in philanthropy. The Chronicle of Philanthropy publishes 12 issues a year while updating its Web site daily. It was founded in 1988 by editor Phil Semas and then managing editor Stacy Palmer. It is owned by The Chronicle of Higher Education Inc., which also publishes "The Chronicle of Higher Education", a weekly newspaper covering colleges and universities.

[Wikipedia: 2000 Buffalo Bills season] The 2000 Buffalo Bills season was the team's 41st and 31st as part of the National Football League. The Bills total offense ranked 9th in the league and their total defense ranked 3rd in the league. The 2000 season was the first since the 1987 season that long-time Bills players Bruce Smith, Andre Reed and Thurman Thomas were not on the team together, as all were released just days after the Bills were eliminated from the 1999 playoffs. Smith and Reed signed with the Redskins, while Thomas signed with the Dolphins. The Buffalo Bills finished in fourth place in the AFC East and finished the National Football League's 2000 season with a record of 8 wins and 8 losses. Though the Bills were 7-4 after eleven games, they lost their next four in a row, only avoiding a losing season in the final game of the year. The 2000 season marked a turning point in Buffalo's history. From 2000 to present, the Bills have failed to make the playoffs. After the 2000 season ended, general manager John Butler left the team to take the same position with the San Diego Chargers.

[Wikipedia: Clancy Street Boys] Clancy Street Boys is a 1943 film directed by William Beaudine and starring the East Side Kids. It is Beaudine's first film with the team; he would direct several more in the series and many in the Bowery Boys canon. Leo Gorcey married the female lead Amelita Ward. There is no mention of "Clancy Street" in the film, but a rival gang at Cherry Street appears at the beginning and climax of the film.

[Wikipedia: 2005–06 Atlanta Hawks season] The 2005–06 NBA season was the Atlanta Hawks' 57th season in the National Basketball Association, and 38th season in Atlanta. After finishing the previous season with the worst record, the Hawks selected Marvin Williams with the second overall pick in the 2005 NBA draft. During the offseason, the team acquired Joe Johnson from the Phoenix Suns, and signed free agent Zaza Pachulia. However, tragedy struck as center Jason Collier suffered a heart attack during the preseason and died suddenly on October 15. The Hawks would stumble out of the gate again losing their first nine games, on their way to an awful 2–16 start. However, they would play better in December winning five of their next seven games, including a win over the defending champion San Antonio Spurs, 94–84 on December 10. The Hawks played .500 basketball in February, which included a 99–98 victory over the Detroit Pistons on February 7. The Hawks doubled their win total by finishing last place in the Southeast Division with a 26–56 record, tied with the second-year Charlotte Bobcats.

[Wikipedia: Paul Ziert] Paul Ziert is a former University of Oklahoma gymnastics coach. Ziert recruited Bart Conner to the school. In 1977 and 1978, Ziert's teams won the NCAA Men's Gymnastics championship.

[Wikipedia: Alexandra David-Néel] Alexandra David-Néel, born Louise Eugénie Alexandrine Marie David (24 October 1868 – 8 September 1969), was a Belgian–French explorer, spiritualist, Buddhist, anarchist and writer. She is most known for her 1924 visit to Lhasa, Tibet when it was forbidden to foreigners. David-Néel wrote over 30 books about Eastern religion, philosophy, and her travels, including "Magic and Mystery in Tibet" which was published in 1929. Her teachings influenced the beat writers Jack Kerouac and Allen Ginsberg, the populariser of Eastern philosophy Alan Watts, and the esotericist Benjamin Creme.

[Wikipedia: List of Rock Band Network songs] The "Rock Band" Network in the music video games "Rock Band 2" and "Rock Band 3" supports downloadable songs for the Xbox 360, PlayStation 3, and Wii veins throughout the consoles' respective online services. The Rock Band Network Store became publicly available on March 4, 2010 for all Xbox 360 players in selected countries (US, Canada, UK, France, Italy, Germany, Spain, Sweden, and Singapore). Rock Band Network songs became available on the PlayStation 3 in five song intervals through their own Rock Band Network Store on April 22, 2010. Starting on April 12, 2011, up to 10 songs were added weekly to the PlayStation 3 platform until June 14, 2011 when it reverted to five song intervals. Also, starting on June 14, 2011, PlayStation 3 Rock Band Network songs will only be compatible with Rock Band 3. Rock Band Network became available on the Wii in six to 10 song intervals from September 7, 2010 to January 18, 2011. Rock Band Network songs will be exclusive to the Xbox 360 for 30 days, after which a selection of songs will be made available on the PlayStation 3 and Wii. As of January 18, 2011, no further Rock Band Network songs will be released on the Wii platform due to Nintendo's small online install base, limited demand for the songs and the significant amount of work each song needs to convert to the Wii.

[Wikipedia: Father Ted Crilly] Father Ted Crilly is the title character of the Channel 4 sitcom "Father Ted". Created by Graham Linehan and Arthur Mathews, Ted was portrayed by comedian Dermot Morgan for the programme's three series. The character is a morally dubious Roman Catholic priest exiled to Craggy Island, a small island off the coast of Galway.

[Wikipedia: Shanthi Nivasam] Shanthi Nivasam is a 1960 Telugu drama film, produced by Sundarlal Nahatha, T. Ashwadanarayana under Sri Productions banner and directed by C. S. Rao. Starring Akkineni Nageswara Rao, Rajasulochana, Kantha Rao, Krishna Kumari, Devika in lead roles and music composed by Ghantasala. The film was remade in Hindi as Gharana (1961 film) and much later remade as Hindi Movie "Ghar Ghar Ki Kahani (1988). It was dubbed into Malayalam as "Shanthi Nivas" (1962).

[Wikipedia: Small Claims: The Reunion] Small Claims: The Reunion is an Australian television movie starring Rebecca Gibney and Claudia Karvan, which first aired on Network Ten in 2006. The film was a co-production with subscription television and was also broadcast on the Foxtel, Austar, and Optus Television Subscription Television services. The series was written by husband and wife team, Keith Thompson and Kaye Bendle.

[Wikipedia: Morningwood] Morningwood was an alternative rock band from New York City. Founded in 2001, it primarily consisted of Pedro Yanowitz and Chantal Claret. Morningwood was signed to Capitol Records and released two albums. Claret went solo in 2012 and folded the band.

[Wikipedia: Samuel Brees] Samuel Charles Brees ( 1810 – 5 May 1865) was a New Zealand artist, surveyor and engineer. He was born c.1810. He was employed by the New Zealand Company and succeeded in his role William Mein Smith. Brees died at sea on the "La Hogue" off Blackwall, London.

[Wikipedia: The Roulettes] The Roulettes were a British rock and roll group formed in London in 1962. They were shortly recruited to play as the backing group to singer Adam Faith, in order for him to compete with the beat bands then emerging from Merseyside. With Faith, they subsequently enjoyed a run of chart hits in the 1960s, billed as Adam Faith with The Roulettes on the Parlophone label. They backed Faith on the UK chart hits; 'The First Time', 'We Are in Love', 'I Love Being in Love With You', 'If He Tells You', and 'Someone's Taken Maria Away' (between 1964–65) In 1962, The Roulettes signed with Pye Records and began releasing their own material, in 1963 they switched to the same label as Adam Faith, (Parlophone) but none of their singles reached the charts. Their only album 'Stakes And Chips' was released in 1965 with similar success. As well as backing Adam Faith on record, they accompanied him on tour until October 1965, most notably backing him on a 'Live' album. Early in 1967 they joined the Philips Fontana label but still the charts eluded them, although they toured Europe until later that year when the group split up.

[Wikipedia: Michael Leunig] Michael Leunig (born 2 June 1945), typically referred to as Leunig (his signature on his cartoons), is an Australian cartoonist, poet and cultural commentator. His best known works include "The Adventures of Vasco Pyjama" and the "Curly Flats" series. He was declared an Australian Living Treasure by the National Trust of Australia in 1999.

[Wikipedia: Timber! (Bee Gees song)] "Timber!" is a song recorded by the Bee Gees, written by Barry Gibb. The song was released in Australia as their second single in July 1963, backed with "Take Hold of That Star". It was later included on the group's first album "The Bee Gees Sing and Play 14 Barry Gibb Songs".

[Wikipedia: Florida Attorney General election, 2006] The 2006 Florida Attorney General election took place on November 7, 2006, to elect the Attorney General of Florida. The election was won by Bill McCollum who took office on January 3, 2007.

[Wikipedia: Norman Borlaug (Victor)] Norman Borlaug, or Dr. Norman E. Borlaug, is a bronze sculpture depicting the American agronomist and humanitarian of the same name by Benjamin Victor, installed in the United States Capitol's National Statuary Hall, in Washington, D.C., as part of the National Statuary Hall Collection. The statue was donated by the U.S. state of Iowa in 2014, and replaced one depicting James Harlan, which the state had gifted in 1910.

[Wikipedia: Godwin, Earl of Wessex] Godwin of Wessex (Old English: "Godƿin" ; 100115 April 1053) was one of the most powerful earls in England under the Danish king Cnut the Great and his successors. Cnut made him the first Earl of Wessex. Godwin was the father of King Harold Godwinson and Edith of Wessex, wife of King Edward the Confessor.

[Wikipedia: Forrest J Ackerman] Forrest J Ackerman (born Forrest James Ackerman; November 24, 1916 – December 4, 2008) was an American magazine editor, science fiction writer and literary agent, a founder of science fiction fandom, a leading expert on science fiction, horror, and fantasy films, and acknowledged as the world's most avid collector of genre books and movie memorabilia. He was based in Los Angeles, California.

[Wikipedia: Camptown Historic District] The Camptown Historic District, also known as the La Mott Historic District and Camp William Penn, is a national historic district located in La Mott, Pennsylvania. It is well known for the residence of famous abolitionist and suffragette Lucretia Mott. It was also a stop on the Underground Railroad. It played a crucial role in the Civil War; from 1863 to 1865, it housed Camp William Penn, a military training post for African-American soldiers. Following the war, many of the soldiers bought homes in the area. The area was said to be named "Camptown," but, since there was already another community in Pennsylvania that used that name, the name "La Mott" was chosen when the post office was established in 1885. The district covers 26 acres, and includes 35 contributing buildings.

[Wikipedia: Lobby Lud] Lobby Lud is a fictional character created in August 1927 by the "Westminster Gazette", a British newspaper, now defunct. The character was used in readers' prize competitions during the summer period. Anonymous employees visited seaside resorts and afterwards wrote down a detailed description of the town they visited, without giving away its name. They also described a person they happened to see that day and declared him to be the "Lobby Lud" of that issue. Readers were given a pass phrase and had to try and guess both the location and the person described by the reporters. Anyone carrying the newspaper could challenge Lobby Lud with the phrase and receive five pounds (about £ in 2017 ).

[Wikipedia: Bertha Runkle] Bertha Runkle (1879–1958) was an American novelist and playwright born in Berkeley Heights, New Jersey. From a literary family, she wrote five novels. Her first and best known, "The Helmet of Navarre", was made into a Broadway play.

[Wikipedia: Dum Maro Dum (song)] Dum Maro Dum (Hindi: दम मारो दम, "Puff, take a puff!") is an Indian Hindi song from the 1971 Bollywood film "Hare Rama Hare Krishna". It was sung by Asha Bhosle and chorus. The song was picturized on Zeenat Aman. It was written by Anand Bakshi and composed by Rahul Dev Burman. It has been remixed and sampled by many other artists.

[Wikipedia: Villano de las Encartaciones] The Villano de Las Encartaciones (Basque: "Enkarterriko billano" , Cantabrian: "Villanu", English: Villein of las Encartaciones ) is a Spanish working dog originated in Las Encartaciones, a comarca of the province of Biscay, in the Basque country, eastern Cantabria and northern Burgos. There are less than 100 of them in existence. The Villano derived from the Spanish Bulldog, of which it represents a lighter, faster and more agile version. The dog is used to catch Monchina cattle, which are raised in a feral state in northern Spain. The Villano is also used for boar hunting given its qualities as a catch dog. Males stand 60 to 65 cm at the shoulder and weigh up to 35 kg.

[Wikipedia: Wild One (Faith Hill song)] "Wild One", originally titled "She's a Wild One", is a country music song written by Pat Bunch, Jaime Kyle, and Will Rambeaux. It was first recorded in 1992 by country band Zaca Creek on their album, "Broken Heartland", and country band Evangeline on their 1993 album, "French Quarter Moon". Faith Hill later covered the song on her 1993 debut album, "Take Me as I Am", and released it in late 1993 as her debut single. Hill's rendition was also her first Number One, spending the first four chart weeks of 1994 at the top of the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart.

[Wikipedia: Rover Group] The Rover Group plc was the name given in 1986 to the British vehicle manufacturer BL (formerly British Leyland), which had been state-owned company since 1975. It initially included the Austin Rover Group car business (comprising the Austin, Rover, Mini and MG marques), Land Rover Group, Freight Rover vans and Leyland Trucks.

[Wikipedia: Enthusiasm (film)] Enthusiasm: The Symphony of Donbass [Russian: Энтузиазм: Симфония Донбасса or Entuziazm: Simfoniya Donbassa], also referred to as "Enthusiasm", "Donbass Symphony", or "The Symphony of the Donbas Basin". "Enthusiasm" is a 1930 Soviet sound film, directed by Dziga Vertov. Although "Enthusiasm" is not one of Vertov's more popular films, such as Man with a Movie Camera, the film was the director's first sound film and also the first sound film of the Soviet production company Ukrainfilm. The film is also notable for the fact that it is a documentary filmed on location. Like many of his other films, Vertov worked on "Enthusiasm" with his wife Elizaveta Svilova.

[Wikipedia: Pulkovo Airport] Pulkovo Airport (Russian: Аэропорт Пулково ; ] ) (IATA: LED, ICAO: ULLI) is an international airport serving Saint Petersburg, Russia. It consists of one terminal, "Terminal 1" which is located 23 km south of the city centre. The airport serves as a hub for Rossiya Airlines (formerly Pulkovo Aviation Enterprise), and as focus city for Nordavia. Pulkovo International Airport is responsible for serving the citizens of Saint Petersburg, as well as the Leningrad Oblast: a total of 6,120,000 people.

[Wikipedia: Just... Fabulous Rock 'n' Roll] Just... Fabulous Rock 'n' Roll is a studio album by Cliff Richard, released 11 November 2016. The album continues the rock 'n' roll theme of his previous studio album "The Fabulous Rock 'n' Roll Songbook". It comprises covers of 14 classic rock 'n' roll songs and one new song "It's Better to Dream". It features Elvis Presley in duet with Richard in "Blue Suede Shoes" and Peter Frampton on guitar in "Dimples". The album reached number 4 on the UK Albums Chart and has been certified Gold for sales over 100,000 in the UK.

[Wikipedia: Apache-Sitgreaves National Forest] The Apache-Sitgreaves National Forest is a 2.76 e6acre United States National Forest which runs along the Mogollon Rim and the White Mountains in east-central Arizona and extending into the U.S. state of New Mexico. Both forests are managed as one unit by USDA Forest Service from the forests Supervisors Office in Springerville, Arizona. Apache-Sitgreaves has over 400 species of wildlife . With its high elevation and cool summer breezes it is a popular weekend destination from the hot desert for Phoenix, Arizona residents. The forest is divided into 5 Ranger Districts (Clifton, Alpine, Springerville, Lakeside, and Black Mesa) that span almost 300 mi from Clifton, Arizona in the east-central portion of Arizona to the eastern boundary of the Coconino National Forest in north-central Arizona. The Apache-Sitgreaves National Forest borders the western and northern borders of the Fort Apache Indian Reservation. It is located in parts of Greenlee, Apache, Navajo, and Coconino counties in eastern and east-central Arizona, and Catron County in western New Mexico. The more northwesterly Sitgreaves National Forest portion lies adjacent to the north side of the Fort Apache Indian Reservation and is located entirely in Arizona, within Navajo, Apache, and Coconino counties. It has a total area of 818,651 acre . The more southeasterly and much larger Apache National Forest portion lies adjacent to the east side of the Fort Apache and the San Carlos Indian Reservations. It lies on both sides of the border with New Mexico, in Greenlee, Catron, and Apache counties. It has a total area of 1,813,601 acre .

[Wikipedia: Malton School] Malton School is an 11-18 mixed comprehensive school of some 760 pupils (2010), serving the market town of Malton and the surrounding area in Ryedale, North Yorkshire, England.

[Wikipedia: Little Boy] "Little Boy" was the codename for the atomic bomb dropped on the Japanese city of Hiroshima on 6 August 1945 during World War II by the Boeing B-29 Superfortress "Enola Gay", piloted by Colonel Paul W. Tibbets, Jr., commander of the 509th Composite Group of the United States Army Air Forces. It was the first atomic bomb to be used in warfare. The Hiroshima bombing was the second artificial nuclear explosion in history, after the Trinity test, and the first uranium-based detonation. It exploded with an energy of approximately 15 ktonTNT . The bomb caused significant destruction to the city of Hiroshima and its occupants.

[Wikipedia: Craniopagus twins] Craniopagus twins are conjoined twins that are fused at the cranium. This condition occurs in about 10–20 babies in every million births in the United States. Among this small group, cephalic conjoining, or craniopagus twinning, represents the rarest of congenital abnormalities, accounting for 2–6% of all conjoined twins. Additionally, conjoined twins are genetically identical and always share the same sex. The union in craniopagus twins may occur on any portion of the calvarium, but does not include either the face or the foramen magnum. The thorax and abdomen are separate and each twin has its own umbilicus and umbilical cord. The union may involve the entire diameter of the head or only a small portion. This suggests that although there are many different kinds of variabilities already known in the scientific community, there are an infinite number of variations that can occur. Most of these variations are based on the rotation of one twin's skull to the other and the different phenotypic sub-groups of craniopagus twins are based on all these rotational conformations. Each of these factors (rotation, spot of union) affects the development of the brain, the vascular system within the brain and overall wellness of life both of the twins have outside the womb. Relatively few craniopagus twins survive the perinatal period – approximately 40% of conjoined twins are stillborn and an additional 33% die within the immediate perinatal period, usually from organ abnormalities and failure. However 25% of craniopagus twins survive and can be considered for a surgical separation and several attempts occur yearly worldwide. In the last-half century , many advances in medicine including brain imaging, neuro-anaesthesia and neurosurgical techniques have proven that a successful outcome is possible following separation of total craniopagus twins.

[Wikipedia: Davey Tree Expert Company] The Davey Tree Expert Company, also known as Davey Tree, is an American multinational employee-owned corporation that provides tree, utility, lawn care, and environmental consulting services in the green industry throughout the United States and Canada. It is the largest residential tree care company in North America and was founded in 1880 making it the first national tree care company. John Davey, its founder, is considered the father of the science of tree surgery and arboriculture. The company's core services include tree, utility services, large tree moving, commercial grounds management and consulting services. It has been employee owned since 1979 and is the largest employee-owned company in the state of Ohio and one of the top 20 largest in the United States. Davey is organized in two segments, Residential and Commercial, and Utility.

[Wikipedia: Tears Dry on Their Own] "Tears Dry on Their Own" is a song by English singer and songwriter Amy Winehouse from her second and final studio album "Back to Black" (2006). "Tears Dry on Their Own" was released as the fourth single from "Back to Black" on 13 August 2007. While the melody and lyrics are composed by Winehouse, the music behind her voice is a sample interpolation of Marvin Gaye and Tammi Terrell's 1967 Motown classic hit "Ain't No Mountain High Enough", penned by the married duo of Ashford & Simpson. The original ballad version of the track is featured on the posthumous album "" (2011). The song was featured in the documentary film based on the life and death of Winehouse, "Amy" (2015) and was also included on the film's soundtrack.

[Wikipedia: I Remember (AlunaGeorge album)] I Remember is the second studio album by English electronic music duo AlunaGeorge. It was released on 16 September 2016 by Island Records. The album includes collaborations with Popcaan, Zhu, Leikeli47, Dreezy, Flume and Pell. The album's lead single, "I'm in Control", was released in February 2016, featuring vocals from rapper Popcaan, and peaked at number 39 on the UK Singles Chart.

[Wikipedia: Denise Affonço] Denise Affonço (born in Phnom Penh, Cambodia) is an author who wrote about her sufferings under the Khmer Rouge in a powerful memoir "To The End Of Hell" ("La Digues Des Veuves") with an introduction by Jon Swain. She was born to a Vietamese mother and French father and grew up in the peaceful years before all out war came to Indo-China. Her life was torn apart in April 1975 when the Khmer Rouge came to power. There followed four hellish years during which her husband was taken away and never seen again and her daughter died of starvation.

[Wikipedia: ATP Flight School] ATP Flight School, headquartered in Jacksonville, Florida, is the largest flight training company in the United States. The privately held company was founded in Atlanta, GA by its current management, a small group of airline pilots, in 1984. ATP’s initial focus was providing flight training to U.S. military pilots who were seeking their Airline Transport Pilot Certificates to transition over to commercial air carrier operations. Maintaining a focus on professional flight training, ATP later expanded its course offerings to include ab-initio training programs for both domestic and international students, seeking a career in commercial aviation. Today, ATP is the leading supplier of professionally trained pilots to the nation's regional airlines.

[Wikipedia: Edvardprisen] The Edvard Prize is a Norwegian music award in given by TONO, copyright organization for musicians and composers. The award, which was first awarded in 1998, is awarded annually and can only be awarded to members of the organization. The goal is to enhance the musical life and increase awareness of Norwegian composers and writers and their works. The prize is named after the Norwegian composer Edvard Grieg.

[Wikipedia: VIVA Media] VIVA Media GmbH (until 2004 "VIVA Media AG") is a music television network originating from Germany. It was founded for broadcast of VIVA Germany as VIVA Media AG in 1993 and has been owned by their original concurrent Viacom, the parent company of MTV, since 2004. Viva channels exist in some European countries; the first spin-offs were launched in Poland and Switzerland in 2000.

[Wikipedia: Volume 9: I See You Hearin' Me] The ninth The Desert Sessions LP, "Volume 9: I See You Hearin' Me", was released in 2003, packaged along with "" in a gatefold 10" album format. "I Wanna Make It wit Chu" was later released on the Queens of the Stone Age album Era Vulgaris under the title "Make It wit Chu". "Covered in Punk's Blood" has also been played by the band at live shows as seen in the live album and video Over the Years and Through the Woods.

[Wikipedia: Lismore, New South Wales] Lismore is a city in northeastern New South Wales, Australia and the main population centre in the City of Lismore local government area; it is also a regional centre in the Northern Rivers region of the State. Lismore had an estimated urban population of 29,413 at June 2015.

[Wikipedia: Carry the Banner] Carry the Banner is the third EP by the Berkeley, California-based punk rock band Pinhead Gunpowder. Originally released on 10" vinyl in December 1994 through Too Many Records, the EP was reissued on CD by Lookout Records shortly after as the initial vinyl pressing sold out quickly. It was the group's first release to feature Jason White on guitar/vocals, replacing Sarah Kirsch, who left the band in 1994 due to differences with Billie Joe Armstrong after his main band Green Day signed to major label Reprise Records.

[Wikipedia: Eddie Vedder] Eddie Vedder (born Edward Louis Severson; December 23, 1964) is an American musician, singer and songwriter best known as a member of the rock band Pearl Jam, with whom he performs lead vocals and is one of three guitarists. He is known for his powerful baritone vocals. He also appeared as a guest vocalist in Temple of the Dog, the one-off tribute band dedicated to the late singer Andrew Wood.

[Wikipedia: 2014–15 Iona Gaels men's basketball team] The 2014–15 Iona Gaels men's basketball team represented Iona College during the 2014–15 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Gaels, led by fifth year head coach Tim Cluess, played their home games at the Hynes Athletic Center and were members of the Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference. They finished the season 26–9, 17–3 in MAAC play to finish win the MAAC regular season championship. They defeated Siena and Monmouth to advance to the championship game of the MAAC Tournament where they lost to Manhattan. As a regular season champion who failed to win their conference tournament, they received an automatic bid to the National Invitation Tournament where they lost in the first round to Rhode Island.

[Wikipedia: Big Drum Under Left Foot] Big Drum Under Left Foot (Persian: طبل بزرگ زیر پای چپ‎ ‎ ; also known as Left Foot Forward on the Beat) is an 2004 Iranian war drama directed by Kazem Masoumi. The story of movie is about the Iran Iraq war. It was entered into the 27th Moscow International Film Festival.

[Wikipedia: Polyethylene 2,5-furandicarboxylate] Polyethylene 2,5-furandicarboxylate, also named poly(ethylene 2,5-furandicarboxylate), polyethylene furanoate and poly(ethylene furanoate) and generally abbreviated as PEF, is a polymer that can be produced by polycondensation of 2,5-furandicarboxylic acid (FDCA) and monoethylene glycol (MEG). As an aromatic polyester from ethylene glycol it is a chemical analogue of polyethylene terephthalate (PET) and polyethylene naphthalate (PEN). PEF has been described in (patent) literature since 1951, but has gained renewed attention since the US department of energy proclaimed its building block, FDCA, as a potential bio-based replacement for purified terephthalic acid (PTA) in 2004.

[Wikipedia: Sharleen Spiteri discography] This is the discography for Scottish alternative rock singer, Sharleen Spiteri. For her work within the Scottish rock band Texas, see Texas discography. Her debut solo album "Melody" was released in 2008 and charted at number 3 on the UK Albums Chart. Her second solo album, "The Movie Songbook", was released on 1 March 2010.

[Wikipedia: Muhammed al-Ahari] Muhammad al-Ahari is a widely published writer. He has published more than60sixty articles in Muslim American magazines and journals including the "Message", the "Minaret", Islamsko Misao, "Islamic Horizons", "Indian Times", "Fountain Magazine", "al-Basheer", "New Era", "Svijest", "Muslim Journal", "Muslim Prison Brotherhood Newsletter", "al-Talib", "The Light", "Moorish Science Monitor", and "Amexem Times and Seasons". Muhammed served as the editor for the following publications: Meditations from the Bilali Muhammad Research Society (Charleston, S.C., 1988), the "Moorish Science Monitor" from the Moorish Orthodox Church (two issues -- the Poetry Issue 2004 and the Circle Seven Commentary issue 2005), and the ICCGC Newsletter at the Islamic Cultural Center in Northbrook, Illinois (two issues in 2011 and still editor).

[Wikipedia: Monte Carlo Resort and Casino] The Monte Carlo Resort and Casino is a megaresort hotel and casino on the Las Vegas Strip in Paradise, Nevada, United States. The hotel, with a height of 360 ft , has 32 floors, featuring a 102000 sqft casino floor with 1,400 slot machines, 60 table games, and 15 poker tables. It is owned and operated by MGM Resorts International. The hotel offers 2,992 guest rooms, including 259 luxury suites. It is being converted from late 2016 to 2018 into the Park MGM, with the upper floors converted into a boutique hotel, NoMad Las Vegas.

[Wikipedia: Registration of Intellectual Property in Ghana] Registration of intellectual property in Ghana is key to safeguarding one's intellectual efforts from infringement. Intellectual property law of Ghana encompasses intellectual property (IP) laws in Ghana, such as laws governing copyright, patent, trademark, industrial design rights, and unfair competition. The main intellectual property laws in Ghana include the Copyright Act, 2005 (Act 690), the Patents Act, 2003 (Act 657), the Trademarks Act, 2004 (Act 664), the Industrial Designs Act, 2003 (Act 660) and the Protection Against Unfair Competition Act, 2000 (Act 589). These are supplemented by regulations passed by the Legislature to augment the rate of development under IP laws.

[Wikipedia: 2011 Souris River flood] The 2011 Souris River flood was greater than the hundred-year flooding event for the Souris. The US Army Corps of Engineers estimated the flood to have a recurrence interval between 200 and 500 years. The Souris River is a tributary of the Assiniboine River, which it meets near Treesbank, Manitoba. The Assiniboine meets the Red River of the North in Winnipeg, Manitoba. The flooding has affected Saskatchewan and North Dakota, and overtopped levees in Minot, North Dakota causing the evacuation of about 11,000 residents. The flooding in Minot was worse than the 1969 flood and 1881 flood. Many other towns along the river were affected and many acres of farmland were inundated.

[Wikipedia: Life-Like] Life-Like was a manufacturer of model trains and accessories that began as a division of parent company Life-Like Products, a manufacturer of extruded foam ice chests and coolers. In 1960 the company purchased the assets of the defunct Varney Scale Models and began manufacturing model trains and accessories under the name Life-Like in 1970. In 2005 the parent company, known as Lifoam Industries, LLC, chose to concentrate on their core products and sold their model railroad operations to hobby distributor Wm. K. Walthers. Today, the Life-Like trademark is used by Walthers for its line of value-priced starter train sets.

[Wikipedia: Dead to Me] Dead to Me is a punk rock band from San Francisco, founded by vocalist/guitarist Jack Dalrymple, drummer Brandon Pollack (both from the band One Man Army) and bassist/vocalist Chicken of Western Addiction. Early on, Pollack was replaced by Chicken's cousin Ian Anderson on drums and Nathan Grice joined as a second guitarist.

[Wikipedia: Artayctes] Artaÿctes is a historical figure described in Herodotus' "The Histories". Artayctes, the son of Cherasmis, was a Persian General who commanded the Macrones and Mossynoeci forces in the army of Xerxes during the second Persian invasion of Greece (480-479 BC). During that period, Artayctes was also a Tyrant in Sestos where he was captured and crucified by Athenian forces in 479 BC.

[Wikipedia: The Perfect Storm (film)] The Perfect Storm is a 2000 American biographical disaster drama film directed by Wolfgang Petersen and based on the 1997 non-fiction book of the same name by Sebastian Junger. The film tells the story of the "Andrea Gail", a commercial fishing vessel that was lost at sea with all hands after being caught in the Perfect Storm of 1991. The film stars George Clooney, Mark Wahlberg, William Fichtner, John C. Reilly, Diane Lane, Karen Allen and Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio. It was released on June 30, 2000, by Warner Bros.

[Wikipedia: UFO Magazine (UK)] UFO Magazine was a British magazine devoted to the subject of unidentified flying objects (UFOs) and extraterrestrial life. It was founded in 1981 by brothers Graham and Mark Birdsall of Leeds, Yorkshire. The magazine was one of the success stories of ufology, with an international reputation for quality and a peak circulation of 35,000.

[Wikipedia: Raymond, Wisconsin] Raymond is a town in Racine County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 3,516 at the 2000 census. The unincorporated communities of Kneeland and Raymond are located in the town, as was the ghost town of Raymond Center. The unincorporated communities of North Cape and Union Church are also located partially in the town.

[Wikipedia: Sinan Tuzcu] Sinan Tuzcu (born 10 July 1977) is a Turkish actor.

[Wikipedia: Jane Blalock] Barbara Jane Blalock (born September 19, 1945) is an American business executive and retired professional golfer. After winning several New England golf tournaments in her youth, Blalock joined the LPGA Tour as a professional in 1969, being named LPGA Tour Rookie of the Year in 1969 and Most Improved Golfer in 1970 and 1971. She won the historically notable Dinah Shore Colgate Winner's Circle in 1972, earning "the richest prize in women's golf history." After successfully fighting a suspension from the LPGA for allegedly signing an incorrect scorecard a month after Dinah Shore, by 1977 she was the sixth-highest paid female golfer of all time. "The Evening Independent" described her as "one of the foremost women golfers of her time" the following year. Nursing a herniated disc, Blalock failed to win a tournament from 1981 until 1984, though after two wins in 1985 she was named Comeback Player of the Year by "Golf Digest".

[Wikipedia: Hovsep Pushman] Hovsep Pushman (Armenian: Յովսէփ Փուշման ; May 9, 1877 – February 13, 1966) was an American artist of Armenian background. He was known for his contemplative still lifes and sensitive portraits of women, often in exotic dress. He was most closely associated during his lifetime with the Grand Central Art Galleries, which represented him from its opening in 1922 until his death in 1966.

[Wikipedia: Iphigénie en Aulide] Iphigénie en Aulide ("Iphigeneia in Aulis") is an opera in three acts by Christoph Willibald Gluck, the first work he wrote for the Paris stage. The libretto was written by François-Louis Gand Le Bland Du Roullet and was based on Jean Racine's tragedy "Iphigénie". It was premiered on 19 April 1774 by the Paris Opéra in the second Salle du Palais-Royal and revived in a slightly revised version the following year.

[Wikipedia: Tokyo Summer Festival] The annual Tokyo Summer Festival, organized by the Arion-Edo Foundation in cooperation with Asahi Shimbun, has been thought up in 1985 by Kyoko Edo (pianist), Maki Ishii (composer) and Tashi Funayama (musicologist), who joined hands to plan a truly international music festival in Tokyo at a time when there was no such event in Japan. This epoch-making festival is the first in Japan planned and directed by professional musicians. The festival takes place under a different theme each year and invites outstanding artists from all around the world in order to let the public discover various styles of music, from classical to world music. Many of the participating artists perform for the 1st time in Japan.

[Wikipedia: 1998 Stanley Cup Finals] The 1998 Stanley Cup Finals was the championship series of the National Hockey League's (NHL) 1997–1998 season, and the culmination of the 1998 Stanley Cup playoffs. It was contested by the Western Conference champion and defending Stanley Cup champion Detroit Red Wings and the Eastern Conference champion Washington Capitals. It was the 105th year of the Stanley Cup being contested. The series was the Capitals' first appearance in a Stanley Cup Final since the franchise's inception in 1974. The Red Wings won the series for the second year in a row, four games to none. It was the Wings' ninth Stanley Cup, and the most recent time when a Finals concluded with a sweep (as of 2017). This was also the last time until that a Stanley Cup Finals ended after an NBA Finals in the same season had concluded. Detroit coach Scotty Bowman won his eighth Stanley Cup in that capacity (having previously done so with the Montreal Canadiens in , , , , and , the Pittsburgh Penguins in , and the Wings the previous year), tying him with former Canadiens coach Toe Blake for the record of most Cups won by a coach (which he would break when he helped the Red Wings win the 2002 Cup).

[Wikipedia: Geography of India] India lies on the Indian Plate, the northern portion of the Indo-Australian Plate, whose continental crust forms the Indian subcontinent. The country is situated north of the equator between 8°4' to 37°6' north latitude and 68°7' to 97°25' east longitude. It is the seventh-largest country in the world, with a total area of 3287263 km2 . India measures 3214 km from north to south and 2933 km from east to west. It has a land frontier of 15200 km and a coastline of 7516.6 km .

[Wikipedia: Home Depot Landscape Supply] Home Depot Landscape Supply was a small retail chain of plant nurseries and other landscaping supplies, begun in 2002 by Home Depot. There were only eleven stores, with just over half in the Dallas/Fort Worth area of Texas, and the rest in Georgia in the northern suburbs of the Atlanta area, where Home Depot is based.

[Wikipedia: Kaiser Shipyards] The Kaiser Shipyards were seven major shipbuilding yards located on the United States west coast during World War II. Kaiser ranked 20th among U.S. corporations in the value of wartime production contracts. The shipyards were owned by the Kaiser Shipbuilding Company, a creation of American industrialist Henry J. Kaiser, (1882-1967), who established the shipbuilding company around 1939 in order to help meet the construction goals set by the United States Maritime Commission for merchant shipping.

[Wikipedia: San Marco programme] The San Marco programme was an Italian satellite launch programme conducted between the early 1960s and the late 1980s. The project resulted in the launch of the first Italian-built satellite, San Marco 1, on December 15, 1964. With this launch Italy became the third country in the world to operate its own satellite, after the Soviet Union and the United States San Marco was a collaboration between the Italian Space Research Commission (CRS) (a branch of the National Research Council), led by Luigi Broglio and Edoardo Amaldi, and NASA. In total 5 satellites were launched during the programme, all using American Scout rockets. The first flew from Wallops Flight Facility with the rest conducted from the San Marco Equatorial Range. The last satellite, San Marco-D/L, launched on March 25, 1988.

[Wikipedia: Zig-Zag (company)] Zig-Zag is a brand of rolling papers that originated in France. It is marketed in the USA by National Tobacco, in Europe by Republic Technologies, and in Japan by Tsuge Pipes. The Zig-Zag brand produces primarily hand-rolled tobacco related products such as cigarette rolling papers, cigarette tubes and rolling accessories.

[Wikipedia: Zhang Rong (physicist)] Zhang Rong (, born February 1964 in Huai'an) is a Chinese physicist who has worked in the area of wide band‐gap semiconductor materials and devices. He has been serving as president of Shandong University since October 2013. Zhang Rong joined the Department of Physics, Nanjing University as a student in September 1979 and became a member of the faculty there in July 1986 and was promoted to professor in March 1995. During the period from 1995 to 1999, he was a visiting scientist at the University of Wisconsin–Madison and the University of Maryland. He received a named professorship (“Cheung Kong Scholar's Program”) from the Ministry of Education in 2000. He became assistant to the president of Nanjing University in February 2002, was appointed to the standing committee of the university as a vice president in November 2006. In April 2010, he was reappointed to the standing committee and promoted to Executive Vice President of Nanjing University. In October 2013, he became president of Shandong University (at a rank equivalent to a vice-minister).

[Wikipedia: Microscale chemistry] Microscale chemistry (often referred to as small-scale chemistry, in German: ) is an analytical method and also a teaching method widely used at school and at university levels, working with small quantities of chemical substances. While much of traditional chemistry teaching centers on multi-gramme preparations, milligrammes of substances are sufficient for microscale chemistry. In universities, modern and expensive lab glassware is used and modern methods for detection and characterization of the produced substances are very common. In schools and in many countries of the Southern hemisphere, small-scale working takes place with low-cost and even no-cost material. There has always been a place for small-scale working in qualitative analysis, but the new developments can encompass much of chemistry a student is likely to meet.

[Wikipedia: Tomb Raider (2013 video game)] Tomb Raider is an action-adventure video game developed by Crystal Dynamics and published by Square Enix. "Tomb Raider" is the tenth title in the "Tomb Raider" franchise, and operates as a reboot that reconstructs the origins of Lara Croft. "Tomb Raider" was released on 5 March 2013 for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360, and on 23 January 2014 for OS X, and on 27 April 2016 for Linux.

[Wikipedia: Rosemary Willis (Miss Virginia)] Rosemary Willis, (born December 31, 1990) is an American beauty pageant titleholder from Chesapeake, Virginia who was named Miss Virginia 2012.

[Wikipedia: Street Survivors Tour] Street Survivors Tour was the sixth major concert tour by American Southern rock band Lynyrd Skynyrd. The tour took place in North America, Europe and for the first time Asia. It was also the final tour of the original band, as numerous band members were killed in a plane crash following the final show.

[Wikipedia: Corey James] Corey James (born “Corey James John Rutherford”, August 8, 1992) is an English disc jockey, producer and remixer. During his career, he has released many electronic dance music records on labels such as Size Records, Protocol Recordings, Big Beat Records, Sosumi Records, Spinnin' Records, Fonk Recordings and Armada Music. His repertoire also includes numerous remixes and bootlegs for artists such as Steve Angello, Galantis, Alesso, Feenixpawl, AN21 and Max Vangeli. James's passion for house music appeared at a young age through his hometown's cultural love of music. Watching Steve Angello's live performance in Cream Liverpool was the defining moment in his plan to pursue a career in the music industry. He was named one of the Top 100 Producers by 1001Tracklists, a ranking reflecting DJ support. James performed at Creamfields festival on August 28, 2016 and joined Steve Angello on his BBC Radio 1 residency on November 17, 2016.

[Wikipedia: RBD: La Familia (album)] RBD: La Familia (English: "RBD: The Family") is the first soundtrack album by Mexican pop band RBD. The soundtrack was made to promote the group's 2007 sitcom "". It was released exclusively by the Mexican television network SKY on March 14, 2007. The compilation included the newly recorded track "Quiero Poder," which was co-written by RBD band member Dulce María, two acoustic songs, one live track and 6 songs from the group's previous albums. The DVD-side of the soundtrack also included a behind-the-scenes documentary of the recording of "Quiero Poder."

[Wikipedia: Sturm–Picone comparison theorem] In mathematics, in the field of ordinary differential equations, the Sturm–Picone comparison theorem, named after Jacques Charles François Sturm and Mauro Picone, is a classical theorem which provides criteria for the oscillation and non-oscillation of solutions of certain linear differential equations in the real domain.

[Wikipedia: Bass (voice type)] A bass ( ) is a type of classical male singing voice and has the lowest vocal range of all voice types. According to "The New Grove Dictionary of Opera", a bass is typically classified as having a vocal range extending from around the second E below middle C to the E above middle C (i.e., E–E). Its tessitura, or comfortable range, is normally defined by the outermost lines of the bass clef. Categories of bass voices vary according to national style and classification system. Italians favour subdividing basses into the "basso cantante" (singing bass), "basso buffo" ("funny" bass), or the dramatic "basso profondo" (low bass). The American system identifies the bass-baritone, comic bass, lyric bass, and dramatic bass. The German "fach" system offers further distinctions: Spielbass (Bassbuffo), Schwerer Spielbass (Schwerer Bassbuffo), Charakterbass (Bassbariton), and Seriöser Bass. These classification systems can overlap. Rare is the performer who embodies a single "fach" without also touching repertoire from another category.

[Wikipedia: Norma Guillard] Norma Guillard Limonta is a Cuban social psychologist and adjunct lecturer at the University of Havana. She is a co-founder of Grupo Oremi, a now defunct lesbian discussion group in Cuba. Her academic works borders on gender, sexuality, race and identity. Guillard is a foundation member of the Cuban branch of La Articulacion Regional de Afrodescendientes de Latinoamerica y el Caribe, a joint regional discussion group composed of individuals of African descent in Latin America and the Caribbean.

[Wikipedia: 2017–18 VfL Wolfsburg season] The 2017–18 VfL Wolfsburg season is the 73rd season in the football club's history and 21st consecutive and overall season in the top flight of German football, the Bundesliga, having been promoted from the 2. Bundesliga in 1997. In addition to the domestic league, VfL Wolfsburg also are participating in this season's edition of the domestic cup, the DFB-Pokal. This is the 16th season for Wolfsburg in the VOLKSWAGEN ARENA, located in Wolfsburg, Lower Saxony, Germany. The season covers a period from 1 July 2017 to 30 June 2018.

[Wikipedia: John W. Boyd Jr.] John Wesley Boyd, Jr. (born September 4, 1965) is a Baskerville, Virginia farmer, civil rights activist and the founder of the National Black Farmers Association (NBFA). He owns and operates a 300 acre farm where he grows soybean, corn and wheat and currently raises a hundred head of beef cattle. For 14 years Boyd was a chicken farmer in a Perdue Farms breeder program. He was also a tobacco farmer for many years.

[Wikipedia: 2015 San Diego State Aztecs football team] The 2015 San Diego State Aztecs football team represented San Diego State University in the 2015 NCAA Division I FBS football season. The Aztecs were led by fifth-year head coach Rocky Long and played their home games at Qualcomm Stadium. They were members of the West Division of the Mountain West Conference. They finished the season 11–3, 8–0 in Mountain West play to become West Division Champions. They represented the West Division in the Mountain West Championship Game where they defeated Mountain Division representative Air Force to be crowned Mountain West champions. They were invited to the Hawaii Bowl where they defeated Cincinnati.

[Wikipedia: The Prayer (Bloc Party song)] "The Prayer" is a song by English rock band Bloc Party. It was released as the lead single from their second studio album, "A Weekend in the City", except in the U.S. where it is the second single as "I Still Remember" was the first song from the album to be released in North America. It was released by Wichita Recordings on 29 January 2007 and is the band's highest charting single worldwide. The lyrics deal with drug use in nightclubs and party environments. Band frontman Kele Okereke says he was inspired to write the song after hearing Busta Rhymes' song "Touch It". He also described the song as having a "crunk-like" effect. A cover version of "The Prayer" by KT Tunstall is included in "Radio 1's Live Lounge – Volume 2", and on her single "If Only".

[Wikipedia: Dark Money (book)] Dark Money: The Hidden History of the Billionaires Behind the Rise of the Radical Right (2016) is a non-fiction book written by the American investigative journalist Jane Mayer, about a network of extremely wealthy conservative libertarians, foremost among them Charles and David Koch, who have together funded an array of organizations that work in tandem to influence academic institutions, think tanks, the courts, statehouses, Congress, and the American presidency for their own benefit. Mayer particularly discusses the Koch family and their political activities, along with Richard Mellon Scaife and John M. Olin who funded the American Legislative Exchange Council (ALEC), and the DeVos and Coors families.

[Wikipedia: Phuket Air] Phuket Air (Phuket Airlines Co. Ltd) is an airline based in Bangkok, Thailand. The airline currently specialises in leasing its fleet of Boeing 747 and 737 aircraft on an ACMI (Aircraft, Crews, Maintenance, Insurance) as well as wet lease basis to airlines worldwide needing extra passenger capacity. Other services provided include international charter services, "ad hoc" wet leasing services, religious pilgrimage charters (Hajj/Umrah) and dry lease services. Saudi Arabian Airlines is a major long term client of Phuket Air. In the past, the airline provided scheduled domestic and international air services. Its main base is at Suvarnabhumi Airport, Bangkok, with a hub at Phuket International Airport, Phuket. The airline was an international scheduled carrier before it shifted its focus to the ACMI/wet lease market.

[Wikipedia: August R. Lindt] August R. Lindt (born 5 August 1905 in Bern, died 14 April 2000 in Bern), also known as Auguste R. Lindt, was a Swiss lawyer and diplomat. He served as Chairman of UNICEF from 1953 to 1954 and as United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees from 1956 to 1960.

[Wikipedia: Stargate SG-1 (season 8)] Season eight of "Stargate SG-1", an American-Canadian military science fiction television series, began airing on July 9, 2004 on the Sci Fi channel. The eighth season concluded on February 22, 2005, after 20 episodes on British Sky One, which overtook the Sci Fi Channel in mid-season. This was the first season of the show to have 20 episodes instead of 22, as well as the first to air concurrently with "Stargate SG-1" spinoff series "Stargate Atlantis" (the first season thereof). The series was originally developed by Brad Wright and Jonathan Glassner, while Brad Wright and Robert C. Cooper served as executive producers. Season eight regular cast members include Richard Dean Anderson, Amanda Tapping, Christopher Judge, and Michael Shanks. The eighth season begins with the SG-1 team trying to revive Colonel Jack O'Neill (Richard Dean Anderson) after the events of the seventh season. At the end of the two-episode season opener, Colonel O'Neill is promoted to General and assumes command of Stargate Command (SGC), while Major Samantha Carter (Amanda Tapping) is promoted to Lieutenant Colonel and assumes command of SG-1. The season arc centers on the growing threat and seemingly final defeat of the Goa'uld and the Replicators, races who were introduced in the first and third season of the show, respectively.

[Wikipedia: Eugene Melnyk] Eugene Melnyk (born May 27, 1959) is a Ukrainian Canadian businessman who has resided in Barbados since February 1991. He is the current and sole owner, governor, and chairman of the Ottawa Senators professional ice hockey franchise of the National Hockey League (NHL). He is the founder, former chairman and CEO of Biovail Corporation which was acquired by Valeant Pharmaceuticals. Canadian Business magazine ranked Melnyk 79th with a net worth of $1.21 billion on its 2017 list of Canada's 100 wealthiest people. He is also one of the richest residents of Barbados, where he now lives.

[Wikipedia: Vapors of Morphine] Vapors of Morphine is an American rock band founded in 2009 by the surviving members of the alternative rock band Morphine Dana Colley and Jerome Deupree and blues guitarist Jeremy Lyons.

[Wikipedia: Alice Mason] Alice Trumbull Mason (1904–1971) was an American abstract painter. She was descended from renowned history painter John Trumbull through her father. She travelled throughout Europe when she was young. Beginning in 1921, she studied art in Rome, attending the British Academy in 1923. She settled in New York by 1927 and was influenced by early abstract artist Arshile Gorky. She also studied with Charles Webster Hawthorne at the National Academy of Design in New York where she befriended artists Esphyr Slobodkina and Ilya Bolotowsky. While her earlier works were biomorphic or pure abstraction, her knowledge of Byzantine architecture later infused her compositions with an architectural dimension. She continued her studies at the Grand Central Art Galleries until 1931. She later wrote that she became devoted to abstraction in 1929, "[A]fter happily painting these realistic things, I said to myself, 'What do I really know?' I knew the shape of my canvas and the use of my colors and I was completely joyful not to be governed by representing things anymore."

[Wikipedia: Mai Al-Nakib] Mai Al-Nakib is author of "The Hidden Light of Objects", a collection of linked short stories published by Bloomsbury in 2014. The collection won the Edinburgh International Book Festival's 2014 First Book Award, the first collection of short stories to win. Her short stories have appeared in "Ninth Letter""," "The First Line", and the anthology "Novel of the World""." Two of her stories received honorable mention in "Glimmer Train" competitions. "The Hidden Light of Objects" is her first collection of short stories.

[Wikipedia: Brian Balthazar] Brian Balthazar is a TV personality and the executive producer and developer of several programs on broadcast and cable television. He has frequently appeared on television as the editor of the website POPgoesTheWeek.com on The Wendy Williams Show, The Today Show on NBC, VH1, CNN, TV Guide Network and Showbiz Tonight on HLN. He has also hosted specials for HGTV. In summer of 2014 he became co-executive producer of ABC's The View. As a television executive and producer, he was HGTV's network executive overseeing the popular series House Hunters and launched the fourth hour of the TODAY Show on NBC with Kathie Lee Gifford and Hoda Kotb

[Wikipedia: China Lake (Maine)] China Lake is a lake in Kennebec County, Maine. Located northeast of the state capital of Augusta, China Lake is situated in the towns of China and Vassalboro. China Lake has two large basins connected by a narrow neck. The elongated eastern basin with an average depth of less than 30 ft is entirely within the town of China, and has an irregular shoreline heavily developed with residences and seasonal cottages. The more nearly circular western basin extending into East Vassalboro is as deep as 85 ft , and shoreline development around the western basin has been discouraged to allow use as a water supply for Waterville and Winslow. The western basin overflows into Outlet Stream in the town of Vassalboro. Outlet Stream flows 7 mi north to discharge into the Sebasticook River in Winslow 1 mi upstream of the Kennebec River.

[Wikipedia: Hedwig von Trapp] Hedwig Maria Adolphine Gobertina von Trapp (28 July 1917 – 14 September 1972) was the fifth child of Georg von Trapp and his first wife, Agatha Whitehead von Trapp. She was a member of the Trapp Family Singers, whose lives were the inspiration for the play and movie "The Sound of Music". She was portrayed as the character "Brigitta".

[Wikipedia: Gameel Al-Batouti] Gameel Al-Batouti (Arabic: جميل البطوطي‎ ‎ ; also rendered "Gamil El Batouti" or "El Batouty" in U.S. official reports; 2 February 1940 – 31 October 1999) was a pilot for EgyptAir and a former officer for the Egyptian Air Force. On 31 October 1999, all 217 people aboard EgyptAir Flight 990 were killed when it crashed into the Atlantic Ocean about 60 mi southeast of Nantucket Island, Massachusetts. The US National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) concluded that the official probable cause of the crash was a series of control inputs made by Al-Batouti, who was in the position of relief first officer in command at the time of the crash.

[Wikipedia: National Democratic Alliance (India)] The National Democratic Alliance (NDA) is a centre-right coalition of political parties in India. At the time of its formation in 1998, it was led by the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and had thirteen constituent parties. Its honorary chairman is former Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee. Also representing the alliance are L. K. Advani, former Deputy Prime Minister, who is the acting chairman of the Alliance, Narendra Modi, current Prime Minister and Leader of the House in Lok Sabha; and Arun Jaitley, Leader of the House in Rajya Sabha. The coalition was in power from 1998 to 2004. The alliance returned to power in the 2014 General election with a combined vote share of 38.5%. Its leader, Narendra Modi, was sworn in as Prime Minister of India on 26 May 2014.

[Wikipedia: Paramount Equity] Paramount Equity LLC., headquartered in Roseville, California, and consists of Paramount Equity Mortgage, a residential mortgage lending company, Paramount Solar, a residential solar power solutions company, and Paramount Equity Insurance Services.

[Wikipedia: Thebes at War] Thebes at War is an early novel by the Egyptian writer Naguib Mahfouz. It was originally published in Arabic in 1944. An English translation by Humphrey Davies appeared in 2003. The novel is one of several that Mahfouz wrote at the beginning of his career, with Pharaonic Egypt as their setting. Others in this series of novels include "Khufu's Wisdom" (1939) and "Rhadopis of Nubia" (1943). All have been translated into English and appeared in one volume under the title "Three Novels of Ancient Egypt" (Everyman's Library, 2007).

[Wikipedia: JC Janse van Rensburg] Jacobus Christo Janse van Rensburg (born 9 January 1986) is a South African rugby union footballer. His regular playing position is prop. He represents the Stormers , having previously played for the Lions in Super Rugby and the Golden Lions in the Currie Cup and for Bayonne in the French Top 14.

[Wikipedia: Massachusetts International Academy] Massachusetts International Academy (Simplified Chinese: 美国麻省国际学院, Traditional Chinese: 美國麻省國際學院, Pinyin: "Měiguó Máshěng Guójì Xuéyuàn") is a college preparatory school positioning high school and university graduates from China for success in United States’ colleges and universities located in Marlborough, Massachusetts. It was the first boarding school designed for Chinese students who intend to attend U.S. universities.

[Wikipedia: List of GFW World Tag Team Champions] The GFW World Tag Team Championship is a professional wrestling championship contested for in Impact Wrestling's tag team division. After the formation of TNA in June 2002, the company executives signed a contractual agreement with the National Wrestling Alliance (NWA) that allowed them control of the NWA World Heavyweight and World Tag Team Championships. TNA subsequently changed their name to NWA–TNA, making them an official member of the NWA in the process. In May 2007, the NWA ended their five-year partnership with TNA, and thus regained control of the NWA World Heavyweight and World Tag Team Championships. As a result, TNA created the TNA World Heavyweight and World Tag Team Championships, which were unveiled on TNA's online podcast "TNA Today" on the May 15 and May 17, 2007 editions. In the respective editions, the championships were awarded to the last NWA champions under TNA banner by Jeremy Borash and TNA's primary authority figure Jim Cornette. The championship was officially presented to the public and awarded to the first official champions, Team 3D (Brother Devon and Brother Ray), on May 17. The championship was renamed to its current name in March 2017 when the promotion adopted its current name.

[Wikipedia: Elbow (band)] Elbow are an English rock band consisting of Guy Garvey (vocals, guitar), Craig Potter (keyboard, piano, backing vocals), Mark Potter (guitar, backing vocals) and Pete Turner (bass guitar, backing vocals). They have played together since 1990, adopting the Elbow band name in 1997.

[Wikipedia: GLONASS-K] GLONASS-K is the latest satellite design intended as a part of the Russian GLONASS radio-based satellite navigation system. Developed by ISS Reshetnev (Reshetnev Information Satellite Systems) and first launched on 26 February 2011, it is a substantial improvement of the previous GLONASS-M second-generation satellites, having a longer lifespan and better accuracy.

[Wikipedia: Christian Party election results] The Christian Party, which includes the Scottish Christian Party and the Welsh Christian Party, is a minor political party in Great Britain.

[Wikipedia: 1985 Scottish League Cup Final] The 1985 Scottish League Cup Final was played on 27 October 1985, at Hampden Park in Glasgow and was the final of the 40th Scottish League Cup competition. The final was contested by Aberdeen and Hibernian. Aberdeen won the match 3–0 thanks to goals by Eric Black (2) and Billy Stark, giving Alex Ferguson his only Scottish League Cup trophy win.

[Wikipedia: O-Zone] O-Zone is a Moldovan pop music trio that was active from 1998 to 2005 and consisted of Dan Balan, Radu Sîrbu, and Arsenie Todiraș. The group gained global popularity with their song "Dragostea Din Tei" and their subsequent album "DiscO-Zone".

[Wikipedia: The Chicago Pizza Pie Factory] The Chicago Pizza Pie Factory was a chain of pizza restaurants. The chain originated in Crown Passage (off Pall Mall) as The Chicago Pizza Pie Factory and was started by entrepreneur Bob Payton in 1976-7. The London establishment also had a bar. This was the start of a series of restaurants forming the My Kinda Town chain. The chain opened restaurants in places such as Paris and Barcelona, where they operated successfully for several decades. The Paris site now houses a Burger King.

[Wikipedia: 20th AVN Awards] The 20th AVN Awards ceremony, presented by Adult Video News (AVN), took place January 11, 2003 at the Venetian Hotel Grand Ballroom, at Paradise, Nevada, U.S.A. During the ceremony, AVN presented AVN Awards in nearly 90 categories honoring the best pornographic films released between Oct. 1, 2001 and Sept. 30, 2002. The ceremony was produced by Gary Miller and directed by Mark Stone. Comedian Doug Stanhope co-hosted the show for the first time with adult film star Chloe.

[Wikipedia: Hindemith Prize] The international Paul Hindemith Prize promotes outstanding contemporary composers within the framework of the Schleswig-Holstein Music Festival (SHMF). The award commemorates the musical pedagogy of Paul Hindemith, who wrote the composition "Plöner Musiktag" in 1932 on behalf of the Staatliche Bildungsanstalt Plön. The music prize is endowed with 20,000 € and goes together with a composition commission. The prize is presented annually by the Hindemith Foundation in Blonay (Switzerland), the Walter and Käthe Busche Foundation, the Rudolf and Erika Koch Foundation, the Gerhard Trede Foundation, the Franz Wirth Memorial Trust and the Cultural Office of the Free and Hanseatic City of Hamburg since 1990. Since 2010, the winner is found partly by a composition competition. The work of the prize winner is to be premiered within the framework of the Schleswig-Holstein Music Festival.

[Wikipedia: Roadstar] Roadstar was a British rock band formed in 2002. The group originally went under the name Hurricane Party and disbanded in April 2007. A year later several of the members, together with Sid Glover, formed Heaven's Basement. In 2016, former band member Richie Hevanz became frontman of Fragile Things, following a short stint in a band called Endless Mile.

[Wikipedia: East Bay Daily News] The East Bay Daily News was a free daily newspaper in Berkeley, California published 5 days a week with an average daily circulation of 10,000. The newspaper was founded May 20, 2005 by journalist Dave Price and Jim Pavelich, who also published the "Palo Alto Daily News". The "East Bay Daily News" was distributed in large red newspaper racks and in stores, coffee shops, restaurants, schools and major workplaces in Berkeley, Albany, Piedmont and Oakland. After McClatchy's acquisition of the paper's previous owner Knight Ridder in early 2006, the "Palo Alto Daily News" group, including the "East Bay Daily News", was bundled with the "San Jose Mercury News" and sold to MediaNews Group of Denver, Colorado.

[Wikipedia: Nobody for Everybody] Nobody for Everybody is the Japanese debut EP / video album by South Korean girl group Wonder Girls. The title song is the same album name,"Nobody" ～あなたしか見えない～ (ノーバディ , Nōbadi ) , taken from their third Korean mini-album, "". This is the fourth language that "Nobody" has been released in following the original Korean, then English and Chinese. The EP consisted of Japanese version of "Nobody", as well as 2012 re-recordings of "Nobody" (Korean and English), "Saying I Love You", and "You're Out" to include Hyerim's vocals, who entered the group in 2010, replacing group's original member Sunmi who rejoined the group in 2015. The video albums features thirty-six videos (music videos, live performances etc.).

[Wikipedia: William Cheung] William Cheung or Cheung Cheuk Hing (張卓慶, pinyin: "Zhāng Zhuóqìng"), born October, 1940, is a Chinese Wing Chun kung fu practitioner and currently the Grandmaster of his lineage of Wing Chun, entitled Traditional Wing Chun (TWC). He also heads the sanctioning body of TWC, the Global Traditional Wing Chun Kung Fu Association (GTWCKFA). Cheung is responsible for introducing Bruce Lee to his master Ip Man when they were teenagers in Hong Kong.

[Wikipedia: Sandi Toksvig] Sandra Birgitte "Sandi" Toksvig OBE ( , ] ; born 3 May 1958) is a Danish-British comedian, writer, actor, presenter and producer on British radio and television, and political activist.

[Wikipedia: 2015–16 Seton Hall Pirates men's basketball team] The 2015–16 Seton Hall Pirates men's basketball team represented Seton Hall University in the 2015–16 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Pirates played home games in Newark, New Jersey at the Prudential Center, with one exhibition and one regular season game at Walsh Gymnasium in South Orange, New Jersey. They were coached, for the sixth year, by Kevin Willard. They were members of the Big East Conference. They finished the season 25–9, 12–6 in Big East play to finish in third place. They defeated Creighton, Xavier, and the eventual national champion Villanova to become champions of the Big East Tournament. They received the Big East Conference's automatic bid to the NCAA Tournament where they lost in the first round to Gonzaga.

[Wikipedia: Clarkson University] Clarkson University is a private research university with its main campus located in Potsdam, New York, and additional graduate program and research facilities in New York State's Capital Region and Beacon, N.Y. It was founded in 1896 and has an enrollment of about 4,300 students studying toward bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees in each of its schools or institutes: the Institute for a Sustainable Environment, the School of Arts & Sciences, the School of Business and the Wallace H. Coulter School of Engineering. Clarkson University ranks #8 among "Top Salary-Boosting Colleges" nationwide. The Carnegie foundation classified Clarkson University as a "High Research Activity" institution.

[Wikipedia: Fender Hot Rod DeVille] The Fender Hot Rod DeVille is a combo tube guitar amplifier manufactured and sold by Fender. It was introduced in 1996 as part of Fender's Hot Rod line of amplifiers, and since then has been in continuous production. The Hot Rod DeVille is a modified version of the earlier Fender Blues DeVille from the Blues amplifier line, and has a higher level of gain in its preamplification signal. The DeVille incorporates a 60 watt amplifier, and is available in two different models: a 212, which includes a pair of 12" speakers, and the 410, which includes four 10" speakers. The DeVille is the sister amplifier of the Fender Hot Rod Deluxe.

[Wikipedia: Forbes] Forbes ( ) is an American business magazine. Published bi-weekly, it features original articles on finance, industry, investing, and marketing topics. "Forbes" also reports on related subjects such as technology, communications, science, politics, and law. Its headquarters is located in Jersey City, New Jersey. Primary competitors in the national business magazine category include "Fortune" and "Bloomberg Businessweek". The magazine is well known for its lists and rankings, including its lists of the richest Americans (the Forbes 400) and rankings of world's top companies (the Forbes Global 2000). Another well-known list by the magazine is The World's Billionaires list.

[Wikipedia: Princess Aisha bint Hussein] Princess Aisha bint Hussein (born 23 April 1968) is the sister of King Abdullah II of Jordan and is the twin sister of Princess Zein. Her parents are Princess Muna al-Hussein and King Hussein.

[Wikipedia: Once (musical)] Once is a musical based on the 2007 film of the same name by John Carney. Like the film, music and lyrics were by Glen Hansard and Markéta Irglová, including the Academy Award-winning "Falling Slowly". The book for the musical was written by Enda Walsh. The musical premiered at the New York Theatre Workshop in 2011, before transferring to Broadway in 2012. The production received eleven 2012 Tony Award nominations, and won eight including Best Musical, Best Actor and Best Book. The musical also won the 2012 Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Musical and the 2013 Grammy Award for Best Musical Theater Album. It has since spawned a London production, with a North American Tour which started on 1 October 2013.

[Wikipedia: Jesse Jackson Jr.] Jesse Louis Jackson Jr. (born March 11, 1965) is a convicted felon and former American politician, having served as a Democratic Congressman representing Illinois's 2nd congressional district in the United States House of Representatives from 1995 until his resignation in 2012. He is the son of activist and former presidential candidate Jesse Jackson and, prior to his career in elected office, worked for his father in both the elder Jackson's 1984 presidential campaign and his social justice, civil rights and political activism organization, Operation PUSH. Jackson's wife, Sandi Jackson, served on the Chicago City Council. He served as a national co-chairman of the 2008 Barack Obama presidential campaign. Jackson established a consistent liberal record on both social and fiscal issues, and he has co-authored books on civil rights and personal finance.

[Wikipedia: Leslie West] Leslie West (born Leslie Weinstein; October 22, 1945) is an American rock guitarist, vocalist, and songwriter. He is best known as a founding member of the hard rock band Mountain.

[Wikipedia: Flushed Away] Flushed Away is a 2006 British-American computer-animated action-adventure comedy film directed by David Bowers and Sam Fell, produced by Cecil Kramer, David Sproxton, and Peter Lord, and written by Dick Clement, Ian La Frenais, Chris Lloyd, Joe Keenan and William Davies. It is the third and final film to be co-produced by Aardman Animations and DreamWorks Animation following "Chicken Run" (2000) and "" (2005), and was Aardman's first completely computer-animated feature as opposed to their usual stop-motion standard. The film stars the voice talents of Hugh Jackman, Kate Winslet, Andy Serkis, Bill Nighy, Ian McKellen, Shane Richie and Jean Reno.

[Wikipedia: Kevin Horkin] Kevin Horkin MBE is a TV pet consultant and presenter who has appeared on a number of animal-themed TV programs in the United Kingdom. He was also a Lancashire business owner, and charitable fundraiser who contested the Hyndburn Parliamentary Constituency on behalf of the Conservative Party in both the 2015 General Election and the 2017 General Election. He was Awarded "Member of the Most Excellent Order of the British Empire (MBE)" by Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II In the Queens Birthday Honours List of June, 2017 for Services to Charity and the Community of Clitheroe

[Wikipedia: White Noise (Disclosure song)] "White Noise" is a song by British electronic music duo Disclosure, featuring vocals from electronic music duo AlunaGeorge. It was released as a digital download in the United Kingdom on 1 February 2013. The song peaked at number two on the UK Singles Chart. The track is the second single from the duo's debut studio album, "Settle" (2013). The song was written by Howard Lawrence, Guy Lawrence, Aluna Francis, George Reid and James Napier.

[Wikipedia: Oxford Academy, Oxfordshire] The Oxford Academy is a co-educational state secondary school in Littlemore, Oxford, England. Formerly Peers School, it was re-opened as an Academy in September 2008 and is the state secondary school for The Leys, Rose Hill and Littlemore. It has specialist status in mathematics, computing, and sport.

[Wikipedia: Dahlia 'Bishop of Llandaff'] "Dahlia" 'Bishop of Llandaff' is a branching, tuberous tender perennial cultivar with dark eggplant-colored, almost black, foliage. This produces a stunning contrast with its scarlet flowers. The plant was first bred by Fred Treseder, a Cardiff nurseryman. It was selected by and named to honour Joshua Pritchard Hughes, Bishop of Llandaff, in 1924 and won the RHS Award of Garden Merit in 1928. The plant is about 1 m tall and flowers from June until September. As with all dahlias, frost blackens its foliage, and its tubers need to be overwintered in a dry, frost-free place.

[Wikipedia: Claire Fraser (character)] Claire Fraser is a fictional character in the "Outlander" series of multi-genre novels by American author Diana Gabaldon, and its television adaptation. In the series, Claire is a married World War II nurse visiting Scotland who finds herself transported from 1945 back to 1743. There she finds adventure, war and romance with the dashing Highland warrior Jamie Fraser. Smart, stubborn and willful, Claire uses her wits, practical medical skills and knowledge of the future to survive in the 18th century.

[Wikipedia: 2nd British Academy Film Awards] The 2nd British Film Awards, known retroactively as the British Academy Film Awards, were given by the British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA) (known then as the British Film Academy) on 29 May 1949, and honoured the best films of 1948. Three new awards were handed out for Best Documentary, Special awards for film and the United Nations Award for the "best Film embodying one or more of the principles of the United Nations Charter". British films "The Fallen Idol" and "Hamlet" received the awards for Best British Film and Best Film from any Source, respectively.

[Wikipedia: .404 Jeffery] The .404 Jeffery is a large-caliber, rimless cartridge designed for large, dangerous game, such as the "Big Five" (elephant, rhino, cape buffalo, lion and leopard) of Africa. Other names for this cartridge include .404 Jeffery Rimless, .404 Rimless Nitro Express, and 10.75× 73mm. It was created by W.J. Jeffery & Co of England based on their desire to duplicate performance of the .450/400 (3¼") cartridge. There are two basically similar sets of dimensions for this case, depending on the manufacturer. The .404 Jeffery as originally loaded fired a .423" diameter bullet of either 300 gr with a muzzle velocity of 2600 ft/s and muzzle energy of 4500 ft.lbf or 400 gr with a muzzle velocity of 2125 ft/s and 4020 ft.lbf of energy. It is very effective on large game and is favored by many hunters of dangerous game. Performance and recoil are similar to other African dangerous game cartridges. The .404 Jeffery was popular with hunters and game wardens in Africa because it gave good performance with a manageable level of recoil. By way of comparison, the .416 Rigby and .416 Remington Magnum both fire a 400 grain .416 in bullet at 2400 ft/s with a muzzle energy of approximately 5000 ft.lbf , which handily exceeds the ballistic performance of the .404 Jeffery but at the price of greater recoil and, in the case of the .416 Rigby, rifles that are significantly more expensive.

[Wikipedia: 2011 Brownlow Medal] The 2011 Brownlow Medal was the 84th year the award was presented to the player adjudged the fairest and best player during the Australian Football League (AFL) home and away season. Dane Swan of the Collingwood Football Club won the medal by polling thirty-four votes during the 2011 AFL season a then-record number of votes in a Brownlow Medal counted under the 3-2-1 voting system, it was surpassed by Patrick Dangerfield in 2016, where he polled thirty-five votes. It was then again surpassed by Dustin Martin in 2017 where he polled thirty-six votes

[Wikipedia: Plácido Domingo] José Plácido Domingo Embil, {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (] ; born 21 January 1941), known as Plácido Domingo, is a Spanish tenor, conductor and arts administrator. He has recorded over a hundred complete operas and is well known for his versatility, regularly performing in Italian, French, German, Spanish, English and Russian in the most prestigious opera houses in the world. Although primarily a "lirico-spinto" tenor for most of his career, especially popular for his Cavaradossi, Hoffmann, Don José, and Canio, he quickly moved into more dramatic roles, becoming the most acclaimed Otello of his generation. In the early 2010s, he transitioned from the tenor repertory into almost exclusively baritone parts, most notably Simon Boccanegra. He has performed 147 different roles.

[Wikipedia: Northman] Northman (Old English: "Norþman" ; fl. 994) was a late 10th-century English ealdorman (or earl), with a territorial base in Northumbria north of the River Tees. He appears in two different strands of source. These are, namely, the textual tradition of Durham witnessed by "Historia de Sancto Cuthberto" and the Durham "Liber Vitae", and an appearance in a witness list of a charter of King Æthelred II dated to 994. The latter is Northman's only appearance south of the Humber, and came the year after Northumbria was attacked by Vikings.

[Wikipedia: Sushil Kumar (wrestler)] Sushil Kumar Solanki (born 26 May 1983) is an Indian freestyle wrestler. Competing in the 66 kg weight division he won the 2010 world title, a silver medal at the 2012 London Olympics and a bronze medal at the 2008 Beijing Olympics, which made him the only Indian to win two individual Olympic medals. His 2008 Olympic medal was second for India in wrestling, and the first since Khashaba Dadasaheb Jadhav's bronze medal at the 1952 Summer Olympics. In July 2009, he received the Rajiv Gandhi Khel Ratna – India's highest honour for sportspersons. On 3 October 2010, Kumar handed the Queen's Baton to Prince Charles in the Queen's Baton Relay for the 2010 Commonwealth Games Opening Ceremony. Sushil won the gold medal in the 74 kg division at the 2014 Commonwealth Games.

[Wikipedia: Shelley Sekula-Gibbs] Shelley Sekula-Gibbs (born June 22, 1953 in Floresville, Texas) is a physician and a former member of the United States House of Representatives representing  's 22 congressional district from November 13, 2006, until January 3, 2007. She has also served as a City Councilwoman in Houston, Texas for three terms. She won the Special Election to fill the 22nd Congressional seat on November 7, 2006, for the remaining weeks of the 109th United States Congress. On the same day, she also lost in the general election for that seat in the 110th United States Congress. Thereby she was in the interesting position of being a lame duck the moment she was elected. In the 2008 campaign for the Republican nomination in the 22nd Congressional District, she finished first in the initial primary, but lost in a runoff to Pete Olson.

[Wikipedia: Nathan Blecharczyk] Nathan "Nate" Blecharczyk is an American business executive and entrepreneur. He is the co-founder and chief strategy officer of Airbnb, and was the company's first chief technology officer.

[Wikipedia: Matthew Marks Gallery] Matthew Marks is an art gallery located in the New York City neighborhood of Chelsea and the Los Angeles neighborhood of West Hollywood. Founded in 1991 by Matthew Marks, it specializes in modern and contemporary art in a variety of media, including: painting, sculpture, photography, installation art, film, and drawings and prints. It represents established artists like Ellsworth Kelly and Jasper Johns and a younger generation of artists like Robert Gober and Nan Goldin. The gallery has three exhibition spaces in New York City and two in Los Angeles.

[Wikipedia: 1968 US Open (tennis)] The 1968 US Open (formerly known as U.S. National Championships) was a tennis tournament that took place on the outdoor grass courts at the West Side Tennis Club, Forest Hills in New York, United States. The tournament ran from 29 August until 8 September. It was the 88th staging of the tournament and the fourth Grand Slam event of 1968. It was the first edition of the tournament in the Open Era of tennis and as such for the first time offered prize money, totaling $100,000. Arthur Ashe and Virginia Wade won the singles titles. Ashe was still registered as an amateur and therefore not entitled to the $14,000 first-prize money, which instead went to runner-up Tom Okker, while Wade earned $6,000. Frank Parker, at the age of 52, lost to eventual champion Arthur Ashe in the second round, and still holds the record for the oldest man to compete in a Grand Slam singles tournament.

[Wikipedia: Salade niçoise] Salade niçoise (] ), la salada nissarda in the Niçard dialect of the Occitan language, is a salad that originated in the French city of Nice. It is traditionally made of tomatoes, hard-boiled eggs, Niçoise olives, anchovies, and dressed with olive oil. It has been popular worldwide since the early 20th century, and has been prepared and discussed by many famous chefs. Delia Smith called it "one of the best combinations of salad ingredients ever invented" and Gordon Ramsay said that "it must be the finest summer salad of all."

[Wikipedia: A Shropshire Lad] A Shropshire Lad is a collection of sixty-three poems by the English poet Alfred Edward Housman, published in 1896. After a slow beginning, it rapidly grew in popularity, particularly among young readers. Composers began setting the poems to music less than ten years after their first appearance. Many parodies have also been written that satirise Housman's themes and stylistic characteristics.

[Wikipedia: David Parlett] David Parlett (born 1939) is a games scholar, historian, and translator from South London, who has studied both card games and board games. His published works include many popular books on games and the more academic volumes "The Oxford Guide to Card Games" and "The Oxford History of Board Games", both now out of print. Parlett also invented a number of board games, the most successful of which is Hare and Tortoise (1974). The German edition was awarded Spiel des Jahres (Game of the Year) in 1979.

[Wikipedia: 2006 Michigan State Spartans football team] The 2006 Michigan State Spartans football team represented Michigan State University in the 2006 NCAA Division I FBS football season. Michigan State competed as a member of the Big Ten Conference, and played their home games at Spartan Stadium in East Lansing, Michigan. The Spartans were led by fourth-year head coach John L. Smith. Smith had compiled a combined 18–18 record in his previous seasons at Michigan State, and he was fired after the 2006 season in which the team finished 4–8. The Spartans did, however, set the record for the greatest comeback from a deficit in college football history.

[Wikipedia: St. Lars restaurant] St. Lars is a grill-restaurant in the borough Bislett in Oslo, Norway. It is owned by international TV-chef Andreas Viestad, Face2Face communications agency founder Per Meland and Stargate-producer Tor Erik Hermansen. The restaurant is known for using meat from horses and bear, and even pigs from Bygdø Royal Farm's petting zoo. Everything apart from their horse tartar has been cooked on a custom made grill. The cuisine is based on serving raw or grilled food with an emphasis on Norwegian produce and unusual cooking techniques. The owners have tried to bring some of the ambience from the New York-restaurant The Spotted Pig, owned by Hermansen's StarRoc partner Jay-Z, to their restaurant.

[Wikipedia: Oxford University Rowing Clubs] Oxford University Rowing Clubs (OURCs) is a federation of the Oxford University Boat Club (OUBC), the Oxford University Women's Boat Club (OUWBC), the Oxford University Lightweight Rowing Club (OULRC), and the Oxford University Women's Lightweight Rowing Club (OUWLRC), as well as all college boat clubs. OURCs is a purely administrative organisation with no training or crews. It was created in 1986 in order to remove the organisational burden from the university squad and is responsible for organising inter-collegiate competitions and overseeing the conduct of college rowing. The student-led organisation of OURCs is supported by senior members of the university, the Council for Oxford University Rowing, which issues advice and deals with aspects of rowing safety.

[Wikipedia: Worcester Cold Storage and Warehouse Co. fire] The Worcester Cold Storage and Warehouse Co. fire began on December 3, 1999, in an abandoned building at 266 Franklin Street, Worcester, Massachusetts. The fire was started accidentally some time between 4:30–5:45pm by two homeless people (Levesque and Barnes) who were squatting in the building and had knocked over a candle. They left the scene without reporting the fire. The 6-story building, previously used as a meat cold storage facility, had no windows above the ground floor and no fire detection or suppression systems. The fire, which started on the second story, burned undetected for 30–90 minutes.

[Wikipedia: Clock Tower of Murshidabad] The Clock Tower of Murshidabad (locally known just as "Clock Tower" or "Ghari Ghar", also known as "Big Ben of Murshidabad") is a clock tower in the Nizamat Fort Campus in West Bengal, India. The clock tower stands in the garden space between the Nizamat Imambara and the Hazarduari Palace; to its east, hardly a few feet away, is the old Madina Mosque and the Bacchawali Tope.

[Wikipedia: Retina Display] Retina Display is a brand name used by Apple for its series of IPS panel displays that have a higher pixel density than traditional displays. Apple has applied to register the term "Retina" as a trademark in regard to computers and mobile devices with the United States Patent and Trademark Office, Canadian Intellectual Property Office, and in Jamaica. On November 27, 2012 the US Patent and Trademark office approved Apple's application and "Retina" is now a registered trademark for computer equipment.

[Wikipedia: Sylvio Sarkis] Sylvio Sarkis is a Lebanese actor born on the 28th of September 1998. His career started in 2008 when he participated in the hit Lebanese series "Mou’abbad" along with the much known actors Badih Abou Chakra and Patricia Nammour. Sylvio Sarkis had worked over the past 9 years in 7 hit series such as: "Mou’abbad (Mou2abbad)", "Badal An Dayeh (Badal 3an Daye3)" with famous actor Youssef El Khal and Nelly Maatouk, "Ala El A’aehed (3ala Al 3ahed)" with Famous Actress Darine Hamze and Talal El Jurdi where Sylvio was one of the three main characters in the series. "Ayli Mat’oub Alaya (3ayle Mat3oub 3laya)" along side with the late actor Issam Breidy and actress Yara Fares. The hit Series "Helwe W Kezzabi (Beautiful Liar)" with the famous actress Dalida Khalil and famous singer Ziad Bourji. "Joumhouriyet Noun" with famous actor Youssef Haddad and famous actress Rita Harb. "50 Alef (50 thousand)" with famous actor Tony Issa and famous actress Dalida Khalil which was his second collaboration with her as being co-actors and main characters.

[Wikipedia: 3OH!3] 3OH!3 (pronounced "three oh three") is an American electronic music duo from Boulder, Colorado, made up of Sean Foreman and Nathaniel Motte. They are best known for their single "Don't Trust Me" from their album "Want", which reached number seven on the "Billboard" Hot 100. Their second single, a remix of "Starstrukk" featuring Katy Perry from "Want", was a top ten hit in the United Kingdom, Ireland, Finland, Poland, and Australia. They gained further recognition by featuring Kesha on the song "My First Kiss", which was made the lead single from their album "Streets of Gold". The album later peaked at number seven on the "Billboard" 200.

[Wikipedia: Gustav Berdel] Jakob Gustav Berdel (born 28 February 1872 in Neckarbischofsheim, died 13 February 1949 in Frankfurt) was a German veterinarian, who served as municipal chief veterinarian ("städtischer Obertierarzt") in Frankfurt and managing director of the slaughterhouse in Frankfurt Municipality, at the time one of the largest and most modern in Europe. He was licensed as a veterinarian in 1898 and obtained a doctorate in veterinary medicine (Dr.med.vet.) from the Berlin Veterinary College in 1920. During the First World War, he was also a military veterinarian (captain of the Reserve) of the Reserve Field Artillery Regiment No. 21 staff. He received the honorary title "Oberveterinärrat" (senior veterinary councillor). He was also involved with several veterinary societies. He was a member of the Senckenberg Nature Research Society.

[Wikipedia: Puerto Rico Convention Center] The Puerto Rico Convention Center Dr. Pedro Rosselló González" (PRCC) (or "Centro de Convenciones de Puerto Rico Dr. Pedro Rosselló González" "' in Spanish) is a convention center located in Isla Grande (recently named the Convention Center District), in San Juan, Puerto Rico owned by the Puerto Rico Convention District Authority, a government agency of Puerto Rico, and managed by AEG (property management). Designed by tvsdesign, it is the largest convention center in the Caribbean and one of the most technologically advanced in The Americas.

[Wikipedia: Canonical quantization] In physics, canonical quantization is a procedure for quantizing a classical theory, while attempting to preserve the formal structure, such as symmetries, of the classical theory, to the greatest extent possible.

[Wikipedia: Thurgood Marshall School of Law] The Thurgood Marshall School of Law (TMSL) is an ABA-accredited law school in Houston, in the U.S. state of Texas, that awards Juris Doctor and Master of Law degrees. It is part of Texas Southern University. Thurgood Marshall School of Law is a member-school of the Thurgood Marshall College Fund and Association of American Law Schools.

[Wikipedia: Zea perennis] Zea perennis, the perennial teosinte, is a true grass species in the genus "Zea" and a teosinte. It is one of the two perennial species in the genus "Zea". The other perennial, "Z. diploperennis," is the sister taxon of "Z. perennis". Those two species also form a clade with "Z. luxurians". Together, the three species make up the "Luxuriantes" section in the genus "Zea". "Z. perennis" is the sole tetraploid in the genus and fertile hybrids with diploid "Zea" species are rare. Ribosomal ITS evidence suggested introgression between "Z. perennis" and "Z. mays" that must have come from either crossing the ploidy barrier or been from the diploid ancestral pool. "Z. perennis" is generally considered to be an autotetraploid from some ancestral population of "Z. diploperennis".

[Wikipedia: John Butler, 1st Earl of Gowran] John Butler, Earl of Gowran (1643–1677) was a British peer. he was the seventh son of James Butler, 1st Duke of Ormonde and his wife, Elizabeth. Known prior to his elevation to the peerage as Lord John Butler, he was created Earl of Gowran in 1676.

[Wikipedia: Doug Parker (voice actor)] Doug Parker is a Canadian voice actor and animation director. He has been active in the industry since 1988. He has cast, and directed many animated shows and films. He also has voiced characters in several cartoons and anime; he is probably best known for his work in "ToddWorld", which was nominated as an outstanding children's animated program. His character Terrorsaur in "" is also well-known, as well as Starscream. Doug also provided the voice of Prince Adam in "The New Adventures of He-Man" (1990).

[Wikipedia: Commitment (song)] "Commitment" is a song written by Tony Colton, Tony Marty and Bobby Wood, and recorded by American country music artist LeAnn Rimes. It was released in April 1998 as the lead single from her album "Sittin' on Top of the World". The song placed at number 4 on the US country charts, number 38 in the UK. It was later featured on Rimes' "Greatest Hits" and its international version, "The Best of LeAnn Rimes".

[Wikipedia: Jennifer Paige Chambers] Jennifer Paige Chambers is a musical theatre performer, who has appeared in "The Producers" on Broadway with Nathan Lane and Matthew Broderick, in Los Angeles with Martin Short and Jason Alexander, and in the National Tour with Louis Stadlen and Don Stephenson. She had the chance to co-star as the Swedish secretary, Ulla, with Nathan Lane and Matthew Broderick.

[Wikipedia: Paul Frédéric Culmann] Paul Frédéric Culmann (23 February 1860, Zürich – 27 November 1936, Paris) was a Swiss physicist known for contributions made in the field of bryology.

[Wikipedia: The Bitch Is Back (Roxanne Shanté album)] The Bitch Is Back is the second and final album released by rapper Roxanne Shanté. It was released on October 5, 1992, on Cold Chillin' Records sub-label Livin' Large, was distributed by Tommy Boy/Warner Bros. Records, and featured production by Kool G Rap, Grand Daddy IU, Large Professor, Mister Cee, Trackmasters, and Grandmaster Flash.

[Wikipedia: The Lego Batman Movie] The Lego Batman Movie is a 2017 3D computer-animated superhero comedy film, produced by Warner Animation Group, directed by Chris McKay, and written by Seth Grahame-Smith, Chris McKenna, Erik Sommers, Jared Stern and John Whittington, and produced by Dan Lin, Roy Lee, Phil Lord and Christopher Miller. Based on the "Lego Batman" toy line, the film is an international co-production of the United States, Australia and Denmark, and the first spin-off installment of "The Lego Movie". The story focuses on the DC Comics character Batman as he attempts to overcome his greatest fear to stop the Joker's latest plan, with Will Arnett reprising his role as Batman for the film, along with Zach Galifianakis, Michael Cera, Rosario Dawson and Ralph Fiennes.

[Wikipedia: A.J. Canfield Company] The A.J. Canfield Company produces and bottles soda beverages including Canfield's Diet Chocolate Fudge, primarily in the Chicago area and was founded in 1924. Production for the midwestern United States is handled by the American Bottling Company, a subsidiary of Dr Pepper Snapple Group and distribution by Kehe Foods of Chicago.

[Wikipedia: 2012 Copa del Rey Final] The 2012 Copa del Rey Final was the 110th final since its establishment. The match was contested by Athletic Bilbao and Barcelona on 25 May 2012 at the Vicente Calderón in Madrid. This was the clubs' first meeting in the final since the 2009 final where Barcelona won the trophy with a 4–1 victory. The same teams, which are the two with the most cup wins in the history of the competition, also met in the Round of 16 of the 2010–11 edition, in which Barça prevailed on away goals after two draws. Barcelona lifted the trophy for the 26th time in their history.

[Wikipedia: Vocal harmony] Vocal harmony is a style of vocal music in which a consonant note or notes are simultaneously sung as a main melody in a predominantly homophonic texture. Vocal harmonies are used in many subgenres of European art music, including Classical choral music and opera and in the popular styles from many Western cultures ranging from folk songs and musical theater pieces to rock ballads. In the simplest style of vocal harmony, the main vocal melody is supported by a single backup vocal line, either at a pitch which is above or below the main vocal line, often in thirds or sixths which fit in with the chord progression used in the song. In more complex vocal harmony arrangements, different backup singers may sing two or even three other notes at the same time as each of the main melody notes, mostly with consonant, pleasing-sounding thirds, sixths, and fifths (although dissonant notes may be used as short passing notes).

[Wikipedia: Gelsey Kirkland] Gelsey Kirkland (born December 29, 1952) is an American ballerina. Kirkland joined the New York City Ballet in 1968 at age fifteen, at the invitation of George Balanchine. She was promoted to soloist in 1969 and principal in 1972. She went on to create leading roles in many of the great twentieth century ballets by Balanchine, Jerome Robbins, and Antony Tudor including Balanchine's revival of "The Firebird", Robbins' "Goldberg Variations", and Tudor's "The Leaves are Fading". Balanchine re-choreographed his version of Stravinsky's "The Firebird" specifically for her. She left the New York City Ballet to join the American Ballet Theatre in 1974.

[Wikipedia: Cyclone Oswald] Tropical Cyclone Oswald in January 2013 passed over parts of Queensland and New South Wales, Australia over a number of days, causing widespread impact including severe storms, flooding, and water spouts. Coastal regions of Queensland were the most impacted with Mundubbera, Eidsvold, Gayndah and Bundaberg in the Wide Bay–Burnett hit severely. In many places the rainfall total for January set new records. Across the affected region, damage from severe weather and flooding amounted to at least A$2.4 billion (US$2.5 billion).

[Wikipedia: Pet Emergency Management] Emergency management is the discipline of dealing with and avoiding risks. The concept and terminology "pet emergency management" was developed by renowned pet safety expert Ines de Pablo in the spring of 2007. "Defining pet emergency management" is a registered trademark of Ms. de Pablo's company, namely Wag'N Enterprises. With her background in the field of emergency management, Ms. de Pablo determined it was time to apply her expertise to the pet world/industry. Pet emergency management is the application of emergency management practices in regards to pet safety. It involves mitigation measures (i.e. accident avoidance for pet owners, continuity of operations for pet businesses); preparedness (i.e. pet parents learning pet first aid skills, training of first responders in animal handling, pet businesses developing evacuation, emergency drills and continuity of operation plans, etc.); response (i.e. the application of pet first aid skills, use of pet first aid equipment, organized evacuation of residences and animal shelters, etc.) as well as recovery efforts.

[Wikipedia: Jenn Brown] Jennifer Lynne "Jenn" Brown (born March 23, 1981) is an American sports broadcaster and television host. A former Division I Collegiate Athlete for the University of Florida, she is often on the sidelines of the biggest college football and baseball games for ESPN. She was the first female correspondent for Inside the NFL and can be regularly seen covering both boxing and MMA. She spent eight years as a reporter and host for ESPN and recently sidelined the show "American Ninja Warrior".

[Wikipedia: Fear (TV series)] Fear (promoted as MTV's Fear) is an American paranormal reality television series that originally aired from 2000 to 2002 on MTV. The program follows a group of five or more contestants being left at an allegedly haunted location and led them on a series of dares over two nights to explore and confirm whether or not the place is haunted. The show was created by Martin Kunert and Eric Manes who were inspired by the 1973 horror film "The Legend of Hell House". The pilot episode was co-executive produced and directed by George Verschoor. The series aired the first two episodes in a pilot run, which received outstanding reviews and a full season was ordered. After eight more episodes, another season was ordered. The second season ended after only six aired episodes. The series was not cancelled due to a lack of interest (the show was the second most popular on MTV at the time of its cancellation), but due to the high cost of producing each episode. A DVD, "MTV's Inside Fear", was released on November 6, 2001.

[Wikipedia: Catfish Haven] Catfish Haven is an indie soul rock band from Chicago. Their music was described by "Onion AV" writer Kyle Ryan in 2006 as "Creedence Clearwater Revival meets Nirvana". Ryan goes on in the same article to explain that "Because [Catfish Haven] grew up playing punk, they mostly avoid acoustic-rock conventions by channeling punk’s aggression and intensity. Few similar bands match the racket Catfish Haven makes, but few bands mix elements of folk, country, rock, and punk so well."

[Wikipedia: Playthings of Desire] Playthings of Desire is a surviving 1924 American silent melodrama film produced and directed by Burton L. King and starring Estelle Taylor. Parts of or all of the film is preserved at Library of Congress.

[Wikipedia: Downsview Nominees Ltd v First City Corp Ltd] Downsview Nominees Ltd v First City Corp Ltd [1992] UKPC 34 is a New Zealand insolvency law case decided by the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council concerning the nature and extent of the liability of a mortgagee, or a receiver and manager, to a mortgagor or a subsequent debenture holder for his actions.

[Wikipedia: Switched at Birth (season 4)] On August 13, 2014, ABC Family announced that it has picked up a fourth season of its hit original drama series "Switched at Birth", premiering on January 6, 2015. The season is produced by ABC Family, Pirates' Cove Entertainment, and Suzy B Productions, with Paul Stupin and series creator Lizzy Weiss serving as executive producers.

[Wikipedia: Sheshan Golf Club] Sheshan Golf Club () is the first premier private golf club in Shanghai, China. Founded in 2004, the 18 hole golf course plays to a par of 72 and is designed by Nelson and Haworth Design, and spans over 7,266 yards (6,531 meters). Every year, the club plays host to the WGC-HSBC Champions, and is currently the only club to host the Championship. Sheshan Golf Club was awarded the Best Golf Course in China by "Golf Digest" in 2013 and currently tops of the list of Top Clubs in China by "Golf Magazine".

[Wikipedia: 14th New York Volunteer Infantry Regiment] The 14th Regiment New York Volunteer Infantry was a New York infantry regiment during the American Civil War. The regiment was part of the Union Army, and was raised primarily from Oneida County, with some companies also raised from Onondaga County; Columbia County; and Lewis County.

[Wikipedia: Achille Mbembe] Joseph-Achille Mbembe, known as Achille Mbembe (born 1957), is a Cameroonian philosopher, political theorist, and public intellectual. He was born near Otélé in French Cameroons in 1957. He obtained his Ph.D. in history at the University of Sorbonne in Paris, France, in 1989. He subsequently obtained a D.E.A. in political science at the Institut d’Etudes Politiques in the same city. He has held appointments at Columbia University in New York, Brookings Institution in Washington, D.C., University of Pennsylvania, University of California, Berkeley, Yale University, Duke University and Council for the Development of Social Science Research in Africa (CODESRIA) in Dakar, Senegal. He was Assistant Professor of History at Columbia University, New York, from 1988-1991, a Senior Research Fellow at the Brookings Institution in Washington, D.C., from 1991 to 1992, Associate Professor of History at the University of Pennsylvania from 1992 to 1996, Executive Director of the Council for the Development of Social Science Research in Africa (Codesria) in Dakar, Senegal, from 1996 to 2000. Achille was also a visiting Professor at the University of California, Berkeley, in 2001, and a visiting Professor at Yale University in 2003. He is currently a Research Professor in History and Politics at Harvard University's W.E.B. Dubois Research Institute.

[Wikipedia: Race and the War on Drugs] The War on Drugs is a term for the actions taken and legislation enacted by the United States government, intended to reduce or eliminate the production, distribution, and use of illicit drugs. The War on Drugs began during the Nixon Administration, with the goal of reducing the supply of and demand for illegal drugs, though an ulterior, racial motivation has been proposed. The War on Drugs has led to controversial legislation and policies, including mandatory minimum penalties and stop-and-frisk searches, which have been suggested to be carried out disproportionately against minorities. The effects of the War on Drugs are contentious, with some suggesting that it has created racial disparities in arrests, prosecutions, imprisonment and rehabilitation. Others have criticized the methodology and conclusions of such studies. In addition to enforcement disparities, some claim that the collateral effects of the War on Drugs have established forms of structural violence, especially for minority communities.

[Wikipedia: Bonar Bain] Bonar Stewart Bain (February 4, 1923 – February 18, 2005) was a Canadian actor and the identical twin brother of actor Conrad Bain, who starred in the television sitcom "Diff'rent Strokes" as Phillip Drummond and "Maude" as Arthur Harmon. He once played a fictional “evil” twin to Conrad (“Hank Bain”) in an episode of "SCTV", as well as Arthur (Conrad Bain)'s twin brother Arnold on "Maude".

[Wikipedia: Brookhaven National Laboratory] Brookhaven National Laboratory (BNL) is a United States Department of Energy national laboratory located in Upton, New York, on Long Island, and was formally established in 1947 at the site of Camp Upton, a former U.S. Army base. Its name stems from its location within the Town of Brookhaven, approximately 60 miles east of New York City.

[Wikipedia: Hooligan's Holiday] "Hooligan's Holiday" is a song by American heavy metal band, Mötley Crüe, released on their 1994 eponymous album. The lyrics to the song were written by vocalist/rhythm guitarist John Corabi and bassist Nikki Sixx, while the music was written by Corabi, Sixx, drummer Tommy Lee and guitarist Mick Mars.

[Wikipedia: Woman in the Mists] Woman in the Mists: The Story of Dian Fossey and the Mountain Gorillas of Africa is a 1987 biography of the conservationist Dian Fossey, who studied and lived among the mountain gorillas of Rwanda.

[Wikipedia: 2007–08 Los Angeles Lakers season] The 2007–08 Los Angeles Lakers season was the 60th season of the franchise, 59th in the National Basketball Association (NBA) and 48th in Los Angeles. During the offseason, the Lakers re-signed point guard Derek Fisher. The Lakers celebrated their 60th anniversary, thus the Laker jerseys wore the 60th anniversary patches on the leftmost part. They finished the regular season with 57 wins, finishing with the most wins in the tightest conference race in NBA history. The Lakers clinched the top seed in the playoffs for the 29th time in franchise history. This 15-game turnaround from the prior season has been attributed to the progress of the team's bench players and the mid-season trade for Pau Gasol. The Lakers sold out all 41 home games for the season. After 12 seasons in the NBA, Kobe Bryant was named the 2008 NBA Most Valuable Player for the first time in his career. The Lakers post-season ended by losing the NBA Finals to the Boston Celtics in six games.

[Wikipedia: Morrill Hall] Morrill Hall may refer to (all are buildings named for Justin Smith Morrill):

[Wikipedia: Palma de Mallorca Airport] Palma de Mallorca Airport (Catalan: "Aeroport de Palma de Mallorca" , Spanish: "Aeropuerto de Palma de Mallorca" ; IATA: PMI, ICAO: LEPA ) is an international airport located 8 km east of Palma, Majorca, Spain, adjacent to the village of Can Pastilla. Also known as "Son Sant Joan Airport" or "Aeroport de Son Sant Joan", it is the third largest airport in Spain, after Madrid–Barajas and Barcelona. During the summer months it is one of the busiest airports in Europe, and was used by 26.2 million passengers in 2016. The airport is the main base for the Spanish carrier Air Europa and also a focus airport for Ryanair, EasyJet and Vueling.

[Wikipedia: Boyz n da Hood (album)] Boyz N Da Hood is the debut album by hip hop group Boyz N Da Hood released on June 21, 2005.

[Wikipedia: Kentucky common beer] Kentucky Common Beer is a once-popular style of ale from the area in and around Louisville, Kentucky from the 1850s until Prohibition. This style is rarely brewed commercially today. It was also locally known as "Dark Cream Common Beer", "Cream Beer" or "Common Beer". The beer was top-fermented and wasn't krausened, i.e., it was fermented once and sent out for sale which meant the gravity would be moderate, the carbonation low and the taste full and sweetish. Like cream ale, it was consumed fresh, usually as draught beer. In 1913 it was estimated that 80% of the beer consumed in Louisville was of this type. Many local breweries made this style of beer exclusively.

[Wikipedia: Rita Kogler Carver] Rita Kogler Carver (born Rita Ann Kogler) is an American lighting designer, artist, director and teacher. Carver was born in North Tonawanda, NY on January 7, 1963. She currently resides in Upstate New York with her husband and numerous pet animals.

[Wikipedia: Sicko] Sicko is a 2007 American documentary film made by filmmaker Michael Moore. The film investigates health care in the United States, focusing on its health insurance and the pharmaceutical industry. The movie compares the for-profit, non-universal U.S. system with the non-profit universal health care systems of Canada, the United Kingdom, France and Cuba.

[Wikipedia: Viking Voyage] Viking Voyage is a steel roller coaster located at Wild Adventures in Valdosta, Georgia. It opened on March 5, 2010. The ride was previously located at Celebration City where it was known as Jack Rabbit. It operated at that location from 2003 until October 25, 2008.

[Wikipedia: Ivory Lee Brown] Ivory Lee Brown (born August 17, 1969) is a former professional American football running back in the National Football League and World League of American Football. He played for the Phoenix Cardinals of the NFL and the San Antonio Riders of the WLAF. Brown is the uncle of Minnesota Vikings running back Adrian Peterson.

[Wikipedia: Eusonia Records] Eusonia Records is an independent record label founded by American record producer, songwriter and multi-intrumentalist Scott Jacoby. The label currently has four artists on its roster: Maiysha, SiLyA, Zach Deputy and Jacoby himself, as well as the soundtrack for the 2013 film "My Last Day Without You".

[Wikipedia: Nice Githinji] Nice Githinji (born 25 August 1985) is a Kenyan actress, producer, karaoke hostess, vocalist and TV show host. She is most notable for playing various roles in several television series. She rose to fame when she was nominated in the 2009 Kalasha Awards for Best Lead Actress in the film, "All Girls Together". In 2011, she later won the coveted award for best lead actress in drama for her role in television series, "Changing Times". Apart from acting she is the CEO of Nicebird Production Company that majors in film production. Apart from her appearances in film and television projects, she also participates in theatrical performances that she has stated a number of times it is the core of who she is. She has worked with Et Cetera Productions (2007 2008: where she starred in two movies; the critically acclaimed, "Benta" and "All Girls Together", Sisimka Productions and Phoenix Players (2009 2010) and Planet's Theatre.

[Wikipedia: Germany–North Korea relations] Germany–North Korea relations (Korean: 독일-조선민주주의인민공화국 관계 ) are the bilateral relations between Germany and North Korea. During the Cold War, East Germany maintained diplomatic relations only with North Korea, while West Germany maintained diplomatic relations only with South Korea. East Germany ceased to exist upon German reunification, which meant that diplomatic relations no longer existed between Germany and North Korea. The two countries appointed protecting powers to represent their interests in the other country, Sweden being the protecting power for Germany, and China being the protecting power for North Korea.

[Wikipedia: María Díaz I de Haro] María Díaz I de Haro "the Good" (1270–1342) was a Spanish noblewoman of the House of Haro. She was the daughter of Lope Díaz III de Haro who was assassinated by order of the king at Alfaro, La Rioja. She is best known for being the Lady of Biscay and for her lifelong battle against her uncle, Diego López V de Haro for the title of the lordship of Biscay.

[Wikipedia: List of Pixies tribute albums] A number of tribute albums to the Pixies, an American alternative rock band, have been recorded since the band's break-up in 1993. Artists featured on the albums range from American rock bands, such as Weezer, OK Go and Eve 6, to lesser-known European bands. The first widely released Pixies tribute album, "Death to the Pixies—We're Better!", was released in February 1998 as the result of a Pixies cover contest in the Netherlands that was launched by the magazine Oor, the radio station VPRO and the record label Play It Again Sam.

[Wikipedia: Australia's Got Talent (season 8)] Australia's Got Talent is an Australian reality television show, based on the original UK series, to find new talent. Nine announced that the show would be returning in 2016 for an eighth season. It is the second season to air on Nine after it was axed in 2013. Auditions are open for September and October 2015. On 28 October 2015, it was announced that Halliwell, French, Timomatic and Sandilands have been replaced with a new panel of judges, they are Kelly Osbourne, Ian "Dicko" Dickson, Sophie Monk and Eddie Perfect. Morris did not return as host as she is committed to another show and was replaced by Dave Hughes as the host. For the first time, this season introduced the Golden Buzzer. The season premiered on 1 February 2016.

[Wikipedia: Lori Grimes] Lori Grimes is a fictional character from the comic book series "The Walking Dead" and is portrayed by Sarah Wayne Callies in the American television series of the same name in the show's first three seasons. Created by writer Robert Kirkman and artist Tony Moore, the character made her debut in "The Walking Dead" #2 in 2003. In both forms of media, she is the wife of protagonist Rick Grimes and mother of Carl, and serves as the emotional core of the group. The character escaped the zombie apocalypse with Carl and Rick's partner Shane Walsh, and, believing her husband to be dead, started a relationship with Shane.

[Wikipedia: Anthem of His Majesty the Tsar] Anthem of His Majesty the Tsar or God Save the Tsar (Bulgarian: Химн на Негово Величество Царя ] ) was the royal anthem of the Kingdom of Bulgaria from 1908 to 1944.The original music was written by Emil von Sauer. Later the composition by Emanuil Manolov was adopted, and the lyrics were written by Major General Georgi Agura. During this period, the national anthem of the Kingdom of Bulgaria was "Shumi Maritsa" and the "Anthem of His Majesty the Tsar" was played immediately after it on every solemn occasion in the Tsar's presence.

[Wikipedia: Crazy Town] Crazy Town is an American rap rock band, formed in 1995 by Bret Mazur and Seth Binzer. The band is best known for their 2000 hit single, "Butterfly", which reached number one on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 chart and helped their debut album, "The Gift of Game" (1999) sell over 1.5 million units. Their follow-up album, "Darkhorse" (2002) failed to achieve the same level of success, contributing to the band's break-up in 2003. Mazur and Binzer reformed the band in 2007, and released their third album, "The Brimstone Sluggers", in 2015.

[Wikipedia: Twin Hills Airport] Twin Hills Airport (IATA: TWA, FAA LID: A63) is a state-owned, public-use airport serving Twin Hills, in the Dillingham Census Area of the U.S. state of Alaska. Scheduled airline service to Dillingham Airport is provided by Peninsula Airways (PenAir).

[Wikipedia: Lipstick (1960 film)] Il rossetto (internationally released as Lipstick) is a 1960 Italian crime-drama film directed by Damiano Damiani. It is the feature film debut of Damiani, after two documentaries and several screenplays. The film's plot was loosely inspired by actual events. Pietro Germi reprised, with very slight modifications, the character he played in "Un maledetto imbroglio".

[Wikipedia: Trump Tower] Trump Tower is a 58-story, 664 ft mixed-use skyscraper located at 721–725 Fifth Avenue between 56th and 57th Streets in Midtown Manhattan, New York City. Trump Tower serves as the headquarters for The Trump Organization. Additionally, it houses the penthouse condominium residences of the building's namesake and developer, U.S. President Donald Trump, who was a businessman and real estate developer when the tower was developed. Several members of the Trump family also reside, or have resided, in the building. The tower stands upon a plot where the flagship store of department-store chain Bonwit Teller was formerly located.

[Wikipedia: Boeing 707] The Boeing 707 is a mid-sized, long-range, narrow-body, four-engine jet airliner built by Boeing Commercial Airplanes from 1958 to 1979. Its name is commonly pronounced as "seven oh seven". Versions of the aircraft have a capacity from 140 to 219 passengers and a range of 2500 to .

[Wikipedia: Joseph Fogerty Sr.] Joseph Fogerty Sr. was an Irish builder and architect active in nineteenth-century Limerick. Born in Limerick into a family of builders, he was the father of Robert Fogerty and George J. Fogerty; brother of John Fogerty (engineer), uncle of engineer and novelist Joseph Fogerty of London and architect William Fogerty of Dublin, and great uncle of architect John Frederick Fogerty. He designed and built the Theatre Royal, Limerick, Henry Street. From the 1870s until his death, he was partners with his son Robert in the firm Joseph Fogerty & Son.

[Wikipedia: Romeo] Romeo Montague (Italian: "Romeo Montecchi" ) is the protagonist of William Shakespeare's tragedy "Romeo and Juliet". The son of Montague and his wife, he secretly loves and marries Juliet, a member of the rival House of Capulet. Forced into exile after slaying Juliet's cousin, Tybalt, in a duel, Romeo commits suicide upon hearing falsely of Juliet's death.

[Wikipedia: 2017 Australian Open – Men's singles final] The 2017 Australian Open Men's Singles final was the championship tennis match of the Men's Singles tournament at the 2017 Australian Open. It was contested between Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal, ranked 17th and 9th in the world respectively. It was their record ninth meeting in a Grand Slam final in their rivalry, and their 1st meeting in a Grand Slam final since the 2011 French Open. In a rematch of the 2009 Australian Open final, which Nadal won in 5 sets, Roger Federer won the duel in 5 sets, beating Nadal for the first time in a Grand Slam since the 2007 Wimbledon final. He also trailed Nadal 3–1 in the final set but won 5 games in a row to win the title. This ended a 6-match losing streak against Nadal in Grand Slam events. Having lost all of their previous three encounters, this was the first time Federer defeated Nadal at the Australian Open and also marked Federer's first Grand Slam victory over Nadal outside the grass courts of Wimbledon. Federer extended his record of Grand Slam men's singles titles to 18, marking the third time he broke his own all-time record, after breaking the previous record of 14, held by Pete Sampras.

[Wikipedia: Max Green (musician)] Maxwell Scott Green (born December 15, 1984), better known as Max Green, is an American musician who is the former bassist/backing vocalist and one of the founders of the band Escape the Fate, and is the former rhythm guitarist and vocalist for the band The Natural Born Killers. He is currently the vocalist and rhythm guitarist for his own band, Violent New Breed.

[Wikipedia: Wincenty Gostkowski] Wincenty Gostkowski (March 29, 1807 – August 29, 1884) was a lawyer and associate of Antoni Patek and Adrien Philippe in the watchmaker Patek Philippe & Co. in Geneva, Switzerland.

[Wikipedia: Raskasta Joulua] Raskasta Joulua is a band from Finland who have recorded traditional Christmas carols and Christmas hits in a Heavy metal style. Raskasta Joulua is a term in Finnish which means "Heavy Christmas" in English. The concept was founded by guitarist Erkka Korhonen in 2004. "Raskasta Joulua" - albums and tours have featured appearances of many notable Finnish metal vocalists as Marco Hietala, Jarkko Ahola, Ari Koivunen, Juha-Pekka Leppaluoto and Tony Kakko.

[Wikipedia: Teacher's Pet (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)] "Teacher's Pet" is the fourth episode of the first season of the television series "Buffy the Vampire Slayer". The episode originally aired on March 24, 1997, attracting 2.0 million viewers. The episode was written by co-executive producer David Greenwalt and directed by Bruce Seth Green. The narrative follows the Scooby Gang following the death of the elderly biology teacher Doctor Gregory (William Monaghan).

[Wikipedia: 2017–18 UEFA Youth League knockout phase] The 2017–18 UEFA Youth League knockout phase (play-offs and round of 16 onwards) will begin on 6 February 2018 and conclude on 23 April 2018 with the final at Colovray Stadium in Nyon, Switzerland, to decide the champions of the 2017–18 UEFA Youth League. A total of 24 teams compete in the knockout phase.

[Wikipedia: Dregea] Dregea is a genus of vines in the Apocynaceae, first described as a genus with this name in 1838. It is native to Africa and southern Asia.

[Wikipedia: Big John Studd] John William Minton (February 19, 1948 – March 20, 1995) was an American professional wrestler and actor, better known by his ring name, Big John Studd. Studd is best known for his appearances with the World Wide Wrestling Federation/World Wrestling Federation in the 1970s and 1980s.

[Wikipedia: Harris Museum] The Harris Museum, Art Gallery & Preston Free Public Library is a Grade I listed museum building in Preston.

[Wikipedia: Treasure Planet] Treasure Planet is a 2002 American animated science fiction film produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation and released by Walt Disney Pictures on November 27, 2002. It is the 43rd Disney animated feature film. The film is a science fiction adaptation of Robert Louis Stevenson's adventure novel "Treasure Island" and was the first film to be released simultaneously in regular and IMAX theaters. The film employs a novel technique of hand-drawn 2D traditional animation set atop 3D computer animation.

[Wikipedia: Julian Castro] Julián Castro ( , ] ; born September 16, 1974) is an American Democratic politician who served as the 16th United States Secretary of Housing and Urban Development under President Barack Obama from 2014 to 2017.

[Wikipedia: Night of the Living Dead] Night of the Living Dead is a 1968 American independent horror film, directed by George A. Romero, starring Duane Jones and Judith O'Dea. It was completed on a $114,000 budget and premiered October 1, 1968. The film became a financial success, grossing $12 million domestically and $18 million internationally. It has been a cult classic ever since. "Night of the Living Dead" was heavily criticized at its release for its explicit gore. It eventually garnered critical acclaim and has been selected by the Library of Congress for preservation in the National Film Registry, as a film deemed "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant".

[Wikipedia: Railroad Track Maintenance Tax Credit] The Railroad Track Maintenance Tax Credit, also known as the 45G Tax Credit, is a federal income tax credit for track maintenance conducted by short lines and regional railroads in the United States. The credit granted an amount equal to 50% of qualified track maintenance expenditures and other qualifying railroad infrastructure projects. It was inserted into the tax code by the American Jobs Creation Act of 2004, and was taken into effect on January 1, 2005 with an expiration date of December 31, 2009. Following the Tax Relief, Unemployment Insurance Reauthorization, and Job Creation Act of 2010, signed into law on December 17, 2010, the tax credit was retroactively extended for 2010 and the expiration date moved to January 1, 2012. United States fiscal cliff legislation retroactively reinstated the tax credit for 2012 when signed into law January 2, 2013. The tax credit was effective thru December 31, 2013.

[Wikipedia: Women's Baltic Cup] The Women's Baltic Cup is a women's association football tournament contested between the Baltic states of Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania, usually every year. They can also invite other teams to participate, like they did in 2016, when the Faroe Islands were invited. The tournament is the women's equivalent of the men's Baltic Cup.

[Wikipedia: Annie Belle] Annie Brilland (born 10 December 1956) is a French actress and social worker. Her acting career began in 1974 and throughout the seventies, has had a series of varied roles in both French and Italian cinema, working with such directors as Jean Rollin, Ruggero Deodato and Joe D'Amato.

[Wikipedia: Cobb Galleria Centre] The Cobb Galleria Centre is a meeting and convention center and a shopping center in the Cumberland/Galleria district of Cobb County, northwest of Atlanta, Georgia, in the United States. It is also located next to a cluster of mid-rise office buildings, the Cumberland Mall and the Cobb Energy Performing Arts Centre. It has hosted over 15,000 events and millions of guests. The venue operates under the direction of the Cobb-Marietta Coliseum and Exhibit Hall Authority and is located at the intersection of three major highways: Interstate 75, Interstate 285, and Cobb Parkway (U.S. 41) just northwest of the city. The Galleria Specialty Mall, which pre-dates the convention center, is located downstairs, with meeting halls upstairs.

[Wikipedia: Armenia in the Junior Eurovision Song Contest] The participation of Armenia in the Junior Eurovision Song Contest first began at the Junior Eurovision Song Contest in 2007 which took place in Rotterdam, Netherlands. Armenian Public Television (ARMTV), a member organisation of the European Broadcasting Union (EBU), have been responsible for the selection process of their participants since their debut. The first representative to participate for the nation at the 2007 contest was Arevik with the song "Erazanq" , which finished in second place out of seventeen participating entries, achieving a score of one hundred and thirty-six points. Since their debut, Armenia have never missed an edition of the contest and won in 2010 with the song "Mama" by Vladimir Arzumanyan. They hosted the contest at the Karen Demirchyan Sports and Concerts Complex in 2011 . As of Junior Eurovision 2016, Armenia have awarded and received the most points from Georgia .

[Wikipedia: McCarran International Airport] McCarran International Airport (IATA: LAS, ICAO: KLAS, FAA LID: LAS) is the primary commercial airport serving the Las Vegas Valley, a major metropolitan area in the U.S. state of Nevada. It is located in Paradise, about 5 mi south of Downtown Las Vegas. The airport is owned by Clark County and operated by the Clark County Department of Aviation. It is named after the late U.S. Senator Pat McCarran, a member of the Democratic Party who contributed to the development of aviation both in Las Vegas and on a national scale.

[Wikipedia: Norman Lindsay] Norman Alfred William Lindsay (22 February 1879 – 21 November 1969) was an Australian artist, etcher, sculptor, writer, editorial cartoonist, scale modeller, and an accomplished amateur boxer.

[Wikipedia: North Carolina Highway 42] North Carolina Highway 42 (NC 42) is a 223 mi state highway and a semi-urban traffic artery connecting Asheboro, Sanford, Clayton, Wilson and Ahoskie as well as many small to medium-sized towns throughout Central and Eastern North Carolina. The highway is primarily rural, avoiding larger cities such as Raleigh. NC 42 begins at Interstate 73 (I-73)/I-74/US Highway 220 (US 220) on the western side of Asheboro. From there the highway runs southeast toward Sanford. Running through the heart of Sanford, NC 42 intersects several major highways such as US 1 and US 421. Leaving Sanford the highway runs along the southern side of the Triangle Area, while servicing the smaller towns of Fuquay-Varina and Clayton. Further east the highway intersects both I-95 and US 264, shortly before entering into central Wilson. Leaving Wilson the highway continues to the northeast, and intersects US 258 near Crisp. North of intersecting US 64, NC 42 begins a concurrency with NC 11 from Hassell to western Ahoskie. Nearing Ahoskie the highway turns to the east and runs south of the center of the town. NC 42 follows concurrently with US 13 southeast to Powellville. Nearing its eastern terminus the highway turns east along its own routing until reaching NC 45 in Colerain where the highway ends.

[Wikipedia: .250-3000 Savage] The .250-3000 Savage is a rifle cartridge created by Charles Newton in 1915 and is also known as the .250 Savage. The name comes from its original manufacturer, Savage Arms and the fact that the original load achieved a 3000 ft/s (910 m/s) velocity with an 87 grain (5.6 g) bullet.

[Wikipedia: Verifone] Verifone is an American multinational corporation headquartered in San Jose, California that provides technology for electronic payment transactions and value-added services at the point-of-sale.

[Wikipedia: Christ Church (Port Republic, Maryland)] The Christ Church is a historic Episcopal church located at Port Republic, Calvert County, Maryland, United States. The church is a three-bay-wide, five bays long, beige stucco covered structure featuring stained glass in most of the tall paired round-arched sash windows. It is the mother Episcopal Church of Calvert County and its oldest continually worshipping congregation. Middleham Chapel was started from this congregation as a Chapel of Ease. Christ Church Parish was one of the original 30 Anglican parishes in the Province of Maryland. Burials in the church cemetery include former U. S. Representative Thomas Parran, Sr. and United States Coast Guard Admiral Merlin O'Neill.

[Wikipedia: Sandwich-structured composite] A sandwich-structured composite is a special class of composite materials that is fabricated by attaching two thin but stiff skins to a lightweight but thick core. The core material is normally low strength material, but its higher thickness provides the sandwich composite with high bending stiffness with overall low density.

[Wikipedia: Japan women's junior national softball team] Japan women's junior national softball team is the junior under-19 national team for Japan. The team competed at the 1985 ISF Junior Women's World Championship in Fargo, North Dakota where they finished second. The team competed at the 1987 ISF Junior Women's World Championship in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma where they finished third. The team competed at the 1991 ISF Junior Women's World Championship in Adelaide, Australia where they had 12 wins and 2 losses. The team competed at the 1995 ISF Junior Women's World Championship in Normal, Illinois where they finished second. The team competed at the 1999 ISF Junior Women's World Championship in Taipei, Taiwan where they finished first. The team competed at the 2003 ISF Junior Women's World Championship in Nanjing, China where they finished first. The team competed at the 2007 ISF Junior Women's World Championship in Enschede, Netherlands where they finished second. The team competed at the 2011 ISF Junior Women's World Championship in Cape Town, South Africa where they finished second. The team competed at the 2013 ISF Junior Women's World Championship in Brampton, Ontario where they finished first.

[Wikipedia: Max Domi] Max Domi (born March 2, 1995) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player who is currently playing for the Arizona Coyotes of the National Hockey League (NHL). Domi was originally selected eighth overall in the 2011 OHL Priority Selection by the Kingston Frontenacs. He was selected by the Phoenix Coyotes in the first round, 12th overall, of the 2013 NHL Entry Draft. He was born in Winnipeg, Manitoba. Domi is of Albanian descent; his paternal grandparents immigrated to Canada during wars and tumult in their native country. His father is former Toronto Maple Leafs legend Tie Domi. Growing up, Domi's favourite team was the Toronto Maple Leafs, partially due to his father's many seasons with the club.

[Wikipedia: Raritan Water Power Canal] The Raritan Water Power Canal in Raritan, New Jersey was a three-mile long water power canal built during the early 1840s to power industries. The canal has been determined to be eligible for the National Register. The canal is included in Duke Island Park, as part of the Somerset County Park System.

[Wikipedia: Education in Antigua and Barbuda] Education in Antigua and Barbuda is compulsory and free for children between the ages of 5 and 16 years. The system of education in Antigua & Barbuda is based on the British educational system. The school year begins in September and ends in June of the following year. In order to ensure that all costs related to schooling are covered by the government, there is an education levy on all basic wages in Antigua and Barbuda, with the funds used toward such costs as supplies, transportation, and school infrastructure maintenance. Primary education begins at the age of five years and normally lasts for seven years. Secondary education lasts for five years, with three years of lower secondary, followed by two years of upper secondary. In 2001, there were about 13,000 students enrolled at the primary schools and 5,000 students at the secondary schools. About 1,000 secondary school age students were enrolled in vocational programs. As of 2000 the primary pupil-teacher ratio was an estimated 19 to 1; the ratio for secondary school was about 13:1. The government administers the majority of the schools. In 2003, estimated spending on education was about 3.8% of the GDP. In 2000, about 38% of primary school students were enrolled in private schools.

[Wikipedia: Nikos Anastopoulos] Nikolaos "Nikos" Anastopoulos (Greek: Νικόλαος "Νίκος" Αναστόπουλος ) is a Greek former football player, one of the most prolific strikers in the Greek league during the 1980s and widely regarded as one of the best strikers in the history of Greek football. With 29 goals he is the all-time top scorer for the Greek national football team. He is considered as one of the greatest players in Olympiacos history, where he scored 159 goals in 291 official games for the Greek powerhouse and won the Bronze Boot as the third scorer in Europe in the 1982–83 season. Since retiring as a player he has become a football manager, currently coaching Aris F.C..

[Wikipedia: Fabian Johnson] Fabian Marco Johnson (born 11 December 1987) is a professional soccer player who plays as a fullback and wide midfielder for Bundesliga club Borussia Mönchengladbach and United States national team. He has also represented Germany in youth competitions.

[Wikipedia: Petrified wood] Petrified wood (from the Greek root "petro" meaning "rock" or "stone"; literally "wood turned into stone") is the name given to a special type of fossilized remains of terrestrial vegetation. It is the result of a tree or tree-like plants having completely transitioned to stone by the process of permineralization. All the organic materials have been replaced with minerals (mostly a silicate, such as quartz), while retaining the original structure of the stem tissue. Unlike other types of fossils which are typically impressions or compressions, petrified wood is a three-dimensional representation of the original organic material. The petrifaction process occurs underground, when wood becomes buried under sediment or volcanic ash and is initially preserved due to a lack of oxygen which inhibits aerobic decomposition. Mineral-laden water flowing through the covering material deposits minerals in the plant's cells; as the plant's lignin and cellulose decay, a stone mold forms in its place. The organic matter needs to become petrified before it decomposes completely. A forest where such material has petrified becomes known as a petrified forest.

[Wikipedia: Q-Genz] Q-Genz (formerly known as 小千金 Cute Princesses) is a 4-member girl group formed in 2005 by a Malaysian company called Wayang Tinggi (威揚). Their ages ranged from 4–5 years at debut. Their first public appearance was in Four Golden Princess's 11th Year Concert. They released their first album 送你一個大年糕 (English Translation:Give You A Big New Year Cake) under the group name 小千金. A fortune teller recommended their record company to change the group's name to 巧千金 for better luck and success. The group celebrate their 10th year as a group and was later renamed Q-Genz in 2015.

[Wikipedia: History of the New York Jets] The history of the New York Jets American football team began in 1959 with the founding of the Titans of New York, an original member of the American Football League (AFL); they began actual play the following year. The team had little success in its early years. After playing three seasons at the Polo Grounds, the team changed its name to the New York Jets, and moved into newly built Shea Stadium in 1964. In January 1965, the Jets signed University of Alabama quarterback Joe Namath to a then-record contract. The team showed gradual improvement in the late 1960s, posting its first winning record in 1967 and winning its only American Football League championship in 1968. By winning the title, New York earned the right to play in Super Bowl III against the champions of the National Football League (NFL), the Baltimore Colts. The Jets defeated the Colts in the game; in the aftermath of the upset, the AFL was deemed a worthy partner to the NFL as the two leagues merged.

[Wikipedia: An Honest Liar] An Honest Liar is a 2014 biographical feature film documentary, directed and produced by Justin Weinstein and Tyler Measom, written by Weinstein, Greg O'Toole and Measom, produced through Left Turn Films, Pure Mutt Productions and Part2 Filmworks, and distributed by Abramorama. It was pitched at the 2012 Sheffield Doc/Fest MeetMarket. The film documents the life of former magician, escape artist, and skeptical educator James Randi, in particular the investigations through which Randi publicly exposed psychics, faith healers, and con-artists. The film also focuses on Randi's relationship with his partner of 25 years, José Alvarez, who at the time of filming, had been discovered to be living under a false identity, calling into question "whether Randi was the deceiver or the deceived."

[Wikipedia: Police Story 2] Police Story 2 (, a.k.a. Jackie Chan's Police Story 2) is a 1988 Hong Kong action film written, directed by and starring Jackie Chan as Chan Ka-kui. It is a sequel to the hit 1985 film, "Police Story", continuing the storyline of Chan's character, "Kevin" Chan Ka-kui.

[Wikipedia: Hobart Paving] "Hobart Paving" is a single by British pop group Saint Etienne. It was released by Heavenly Records in May 1993 as a double A-side with the band's cover of "Who Do You Think You Are", originally released in 1974 by Jigsaw and a hit for Candlewick Green. It reached number 23 in the UK Singles Chart.

[Wikipedia: Scott Shafer] Scott Shafer (born January 6, 1967) is an American football coach and former player. He currently serves as the defensive coordinator for the Middle Tennessee State Blue Raiders. He previously served as the head coach at Syracuse University until November 2015. He was a high school and college quarterback in Ohio at Riverside High School, Ohio University, and Baldwin-Wallace College. He has held various positions including defensive coordinator, assistant head coach, and secondary coach at major universities such as the University of Rhode Island, Northern Illinois University, the University of Illinois, Western Michigan University, Stanford University, University of Michigan, and Syracuse University. He was officially named the head coach of Syracuse on January 9, 2013.

[Wikipedia: Campbell Singer] Campbell Singer (16 March 1909 - March 1976) was a British character actor who featured in a number of film and television roles during his long career.

[Wikipedia: The Clark Sisters] The Clark Sisters are an American gospel vocal group consisting of five sisters: Jacky Clark Chisholm (b. 1948), Denise Clark Bradford (b. 1953), Elbernita "Twinkie" Clark-Terrell (b. 1954), Dorinda Clark-Cole (b. 1957), and Karen Clark Sheard (b. 1960). The Clark Sisters are the daughters of gospel musician and choral director Mattie Moss Clark. They are credited for helping to bring gospel music to the mainstream and are considered as pioneers of contemporary gospel. Their biggest crossover hits include: "Is My Living in Vain?", "Hallelujah", "He Gave Me Nothing to Lose", "Endow Me", their hit song "Jesus Is A Love Song", "Pure Gold", "Expect a Miracle", and their largest mainstream crossover gold certified, "You Brought the Sunshine". The Clark Sisters have won three Grammy Awards. With 16 albums to their credit and millions in sales, the Clark Sisters are the highest-selling female gospel group in history.

[Wikipedia: Love Me Like You Mean It] "Love Me Like You Mean It" is a song co-written and recorded by American country pop singer Kelsea Ballerini. Ballerini co-wrote the song with Josh Kerr, Forest Glen Whitehead and Lance Carpenter. It was released on July 8, 2014 as Ballerini's debut single and the lead single from her debut studio album, "The First Time", released on May 19, 2015, by Black River Entertainment. The song is about a young woman showing interest in a man.

[Wikipedia: 2016 SprintX GT Championship Series] The 2016 SprintX GT Championship Series was the inaugural season of the SprintX GT Championship Series. The series was managed by WC Vision and sanctioned by the Sports Car Club of America (SCCA). On May 28, 2015 WC Vision announced it would be launching the SprintX GT Championship Series as a support series of the Pirelli World Challenge. Similar to GT races in the PWC, SprintX races had a sprint format as races were 60 minutes in length. The difference between PWC GT races and SprintX races was that SprintX races featured mandatory driver and tire changes.

[Wikipedia: Intrinsic function] In compiler theory, an intrinsic function (or builtin function) is a function available for use in a given programming language whose implementation is handled specially by the compiler. Typically, it may substitute a sequence of automatically generated instructions for the original function call, similar to an inline function. Unlike an inline function though, the compiler has an intimate knowledge of the intrinsic function and can therefore better integrate it and optimize it for the situation.

[Wikipedia: Tree of Pain] "Tree of Pain" is a song by heavy metal band Soulfly, released in 2002 as the seventh track of the studio album numerically titled "3". Like most other songs, "Tree of Pain" has never been released as a single. This song is unique for Soulfly that it contains a pop ballad and a woman singer. This song tributes Max Cavalera for his stepson's (Dana Wells') untimely death.

[Wikipedia: Rohan Kapoor] Rohan Kapoor (or "Ruhan", born 1965) is a Hindi actor and singer, son of Mahendra Kapoor. He started his film career at the age of 16 as an assistant director with Manoj Kumar for the film Kranti. After that, he became active on the stage with Shafi Inamdar and even acted for two of his most popular plays - Neela Kamra and Adaa. Also, Yash Chopra gave him a role in his film Faasle in 1985 It was then that Yash Chopra gave a break to Rohan as a Hero in his Film FAASLE with Farha in the year 1985, then he got a role in Love 86, which took the youth of the country by storm in which Govinda co-starred with Rohan. After that, Prakash Mehra got Rohan to play in Imaandaar in deference to his earlier role with Shafi Inamdar and Sanjay Dutt, which got Rohan lots of critical acclaim from the media as well as moviegoers. Then, many other roles came, in Masti, Mera Naseeb, Maha Kali, Sur Asur and many other films.

[Wikipedia: The Railway Man (film)] The Railway Man is a 2013 British–Australian war film directed by Jonathan Teplitzky. It is an adaptation of the autobiography "The Railway Man" by Eric Lomax, and stars Colin Firth, Nicole Kidman, Jeremy Irvine, and Stellan Skarsgård. It premiered at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival on 6 September 2013.

[Wikipedia: Brady Corbet] Brady James Monson Corbet ( ; born August 17, 1988) is an American actor and filmmaker. Corbet is known for playing Mason Freeland in the film "Thirteen", Brian Lackey in the film "Mysterious Skin", Alan Tracy in the 2004 film "Thunderbirds", and Peter in the 2008 film "Funny Games". He has made guest appearances on many television shows. He made his feature film directorial debut with "The Childhood of a Leader" and won Best Debut film and Best Director award at 72nd Venice International Film Festival.

[Wikipedia: Pili and Mili] Pili and Mili (Spanish: "Pili y Mili" ) was a comic acting duo composed of twins Aurora and Pilar Bayona (born February 10, 1947 in Zaragoza, Spain). They rosed to fame in early 1960s, becoming one of the biggest stars of the "child prodigy" movie genre that enjoyed a boom at the time. Their movies were musical comedies based on the same formula of mistaken identities. The twins were very popular in Spain, Mexico and Italy, but their career was short, lasting only from 1963 to 1970. When the success formula ceased to work, the duo dissolved.

[Wikipedia: Consul fabius] Consul fabius, the tiger leafwing, is the most common and well known species of the genus "Consul" of subfamily Charaxinae in the brush-footed butterfly family (Nymphalidae). It is found all over the Neotropics.

[Wikipedia: Robert Coates (critic)] Robert Myron Coates (April 6, 1897 – February 8, 1973) was an American writer and a long-term art critic for the "New Yorker". He coined the term "abstract expressionism" in 1946 in reference to the works of Arshile Gorky, Jackson Pollock and Willem de Kooning.

[Wikipedia: OK Go videography] The musical rock band OK Go has earned considerable fame for their creative but often low-budget music videos, most of which have been promoted through Internet video sharing sites like YouTube. Many of these have become viral videos; the 2006 video for "Here It Goes Again", in which the band performed a complex routine with the aid of motorized treadmills, has received over 50 million views four years later. Their video for Needing/Getting, released February 5, 2012 in partnership with Chevrolet, debuted during Super Bowl XLVI and has over 32 million views on YouTube. Samuel Bayer, who produced many music videos in the 1990s, asserted that OK Go's promotion of music videos on the Internet was akin to Nirvana's ushering in the grunge movement. Many of the videos also use long or single-shot takes, which "Salon"' s Matt Zoller Seitz says "restore[s] a sense of wonder to the musical number by letting the performers' humanity shine through and allowing them to do their thing with a minimum of filmmaking interference". The success of OK Go's music first won the band the 14th Annual Webby Special Achievement Award for Film and Video Artist of the Year. The video for "This Too Shall Pass" was named both "Video of the Year" and "Best Rock Video" at the 3rd annual UK Music Video Awards."This Too Shall Pass" won the LA Film Fest's Audience Award for Best Music Video, UK MVA Awards – Music Video of the Year Winner 2010, among others.

[Wikipedia: Forty Percent Leadbelly] "Forty Percent Leadbelly" is the fourteenth episode of the seventh season of the animated sitcom "Futurama". It originally aired on Comedy Central on July 3, 2013. The episode was written by Ken Keeler and directed by Stephen Sandoval. In this episode, Bender meets his hero, Silicon Red, a folk singer who has been in jail 30 times, during a convict transport, and uses a wireless 3D printer to duplicate his guitar, but the wireless connection between Bender's brain and the 3D printer turns his folk song about an angry space railbot hunting down Bender into a reality.

[Wikipedia: Catopsis] Catopsis is a genus in the botanical family Bromeliaceae, subfamily Tillandsioideae. The genus name is from the Greek “kata” (hanging down) and “opsis” (appearance). "Catopsis" is a genus of plants widespread across much of Latin America from Mexico to Brazil, plus Florida and the West Indies. One of the species, "Catopsis berteroniana", is thought to be carnivorous.

[Wikipedia: Dizzy Dean] Jay Hanna "Dizzy" Dean (January 16, 1910 – July 17, 1974), also known as Jerome Herman Dean, was an American professional baseball player. He played in Major League Baseball as a pitcher for the St. Louis Cardinals, Chicago Cubs and the St. Louis Browns. A brash and colorful personality, Dean was the last National League pitcher to win 30 games in one season. After his playing career, he became a popular television sports commentator. Dean was elected to the Baseball Hall of Fame in 1953. When the Cardinals reopened the team Hall of Fame in 2014, Dean was inducted among the inaugural class.

[Wikipedia: New Hampshire General Court] The General Court of New Hampshire is the bicameral state legislature of the U.S. state of New Hampshire. The lower house is the New Hampshire House of Representatives with 400 members. The upper house is the New Hampshire Senate with 24 members.

[Wikipedia: Bob Willis] Robert George Dylan Willis MBE (born Robert George Willis on 30 May 1949), known as Bob Willis, is an English former cricketer, who played for Surrey, Warwickshire, Northern Transvaal and England. A right-handed and aggressive fast bowler with a notably long run-up, Willis spearheaded several England bowling attacks between 1971 and 1984, across 90 Test matches in which he took 325 wickets at 25.20 runs per wicket, at the time second only to Dennis Lillee. He is currently England's fourth leading wicket taker, behind James Anderson, Ian Botham, and Stuart Broad. Willis took 899 first-class wickets overall, although from 1975 onwards he bowled with constant pain, having had surgery on both knees. He nevertheless continued to find success, taking a Test career best eight wickets for 43 runs in the 1981 Ashes series against Australia, one of the all-time best Test bowling performances. He was "Wisden" Cricketer of the Year for 1978.

[Wikipedia: The Negotiator] The Negotiator is a 1998 American action thriller film directed by F. Gary Gray, and starring Samuel L. Jackson and Kevin Spacey as two hostage lieutenants.

[Wikipedia: What Do You Say (Reba McEntire song)] "What Do You Say" is a song written by Neil Thrasher and Michael Dulaney, and recorded by American country music artist Reba McEntire. It was released in August 1999 as the first single from her album "So Good Together". The song reached number 3 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart in January 2000 and number 31 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 becoming her first crossover hit and top 40 hit on the "Billboard" Hot 100. It is her highest peaking single on that chart.

[Wikipedia: Hyperreal (song)] "Hyperreal" is a song by Australian musician Flume. It features vocals from Kučka. It was released on 5 May 2017. The song is included on the vinyl release of "Skin Companion EP 2" (2017).

[Wikipedia: 3OH!3 (album)] 3OH!3 is the eponymous debut studio album by American electronic music band 3OH!3. The tracks "Holler Til You Pass Out" and "Chokechain" were later remixed for the band's major label debut. "Holler Til You Pass Out", "Chokechain", and "Dance with Me" are excluded from the iTunes release of the album.

[Wikipedia: Jennifer Prediger] Jennifer Prediger is New York City–based actress, writer, and director known for the films "Uncle Kent" (2011), "Red Flag" (2012), and "Apartment Troubles" (2014)—her directorial debut with collaborator Jess Weixler. Prediger also played and wrote "Ask Umbra", the "world's most trusted eco advice columnist," on Grist.org.

[Wikipedia: The Last Embrace] The Last Embrace is the final release by Spirit Caravan. It was released on 2xCD and 2xLP in 2003 by Meteor City Records. It contains 19 songs from their two albums, "Jug Fulla Sun" and "Elusive Truth", the three songs that appeared on their debut 7" (under the name Shine), the two songs from their final 7", "Spirit Caravan", the song from their split 7" with Sixty Watt Shaman and their song from the Rise 13 compilation on Rise Above Records. It also features the last three songs Spirit Caravan recorded, "The Last Embrace," "Brainwashed" and "Dove-Tongued Aggressor."

[Wikipedia: Four-Star Spectacular] Four-Star Spectacular was an anthology comic book series published by DC Comics in the mid-1970s. The series was edited by E. Nelson Bridwell and ran for six issues from March/April 1976 to January/February 1977. The books were in the "giant size" format and consisted mostly of superhero reprints, with some new material. A total of four characters from DC's roster of superheroes appeared in each issue — hence the title. (Half of the title's issues, however, only featured three stories.) Each issue featured a Superboy story, a Wonder Woman story, and at least one other story (usually a team-up story). All issues featured cover art by DC artist Ernie Chua.

[Wikipedia: Blur (band)] Blur are an English rock band, formed in London in 1988. The group consists of singer/keyboardist Damon Albarn, guitarist/singer Graham Coxon, bassist Alex James and drummer Dave Rowntree. Their debut album "Leisure" (1991) incorporated the sounds of Madchester and shoegazing. Following a stylistic change influenced by English guitar pop groups such as the Kinks, the Beatles and XTC, Blur released "Modern Life Is Rubbish" (1993), "Parklife" (1994) and "The Great Escape" (1995). In the process, the band became central to the Britpop music and culture movement, and achieved mass popularity in the UK, aided by a chart battle with rivals Oasis in 1995 dubbed the "Battle of Britpop".

[Wikipedia: Nari Hira] Nari Hira is the owner of the Mumbai-based Magna Publishing Co. Ltd. that publishes magazines such as "Stardust", "Showtime", "Savvy" and "Health". He is also into film production through Magna Films, a subsidiary of his publishing company.

[Wikipedia: ESP James Hetfield] The ESP James Hetfield (or just ESP JH) are ranges of electric guitars produced by ESP Guitars based on the custom models of James Hetfield. All models were built by James Hetfield and Matt Masciandaro.

[Wikipedia: Homenaje a Salvador Lutteroth (1998)] "Homenaje a Salvador Lutteroth" (1998) (Spanish for "Homage to Salvador Lutteroth") was a professional wrestling major show event produced by Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL), which took place on March 20, 1998 in Arena México, Mexico City, Mexico. The event was to honor and remember CMLL founder Salvador Lutteroth who died in March 1987. The annual March event would later be renamed "Homenaje a Dos Leyendas" ("Homage to two legends") as CMLL honored both Lutteroth and another retired or deceased wrestler. The main event was a singles match between Emilio Charles Jr. defeated El Satánico under "Lucha de Apuestas", or "Bet match" rules. The rule meant that the losing wrestler would have all his hair shaved off after the match in full view of the crowd as per Lucha Libre traditions. The show also hosted a "Torneo Salvador Lutteroth" in honor of the CMLL founder, which was a one night eight-man single elimination tournament featuring some of CMLL's top competitors at the time, including the then reigning CMLL World Heavyweight Champion Universo 2000. The show also featured an additional Six-man "Lucha Libre rules" tag team match for a total of nine matches.

[Wikipedia: Hearnes Center] Hearnes Center is a 13,611-seat multi-purpose arena in Columbia, Missouri. The arena opened in 1972. It is currently home to the Missouri Tigers' wrestling and volleyball teams as well as the school's gymnastics and indoor track & field teams. It was home to the University of Missouri Tigers basketball team before Mizzou Arena opened in 2004.

[Wikipedia: Hund's rules] In atomic physics, Hund's rules refers to a set of rules that German physicist Friedrich Hund formulated around 1927, which are used to determine the term symbol that corresponds to the ground state of a multi-electron atom. The first rule is especially important in chemistry, where it is often referred to as, simply, Hund's Rule.

[Wikipedia: Rue Lhomond] Rue Lhomond is a street in the 5th arrondissement of Paris, France. It is located in the quartier du Val-de-Grâce and has existed since the 15th century. It was once known as "rue des Poteries" after its Gallo-Roman pottery workshops (re-discovered in the 18th century), then from around 1600 as "rue des Pots" and finally "rue des Postes". It was given its present name in 1867 after the priest, grammarian and scholar Charles François Lhomond (1727-1794).

[Wikipedia: Pavel Schilling] Baron Pavel L'vovitch Schilling, also known as Paul Schilling (5 April 1786, Reval (now, Tallinn), Russian empire – St. Petersburg, Russia, 25 July 1837), was a diplomat of Baltic German origin employed in the service of Russia in Germany, and who built a pioneering electrical telegraph. It consisted of a single needle system which used a telegraph code to indicate the characters in a message.

[Wikipedia: Snowy Hydro] Snowy Hydro Limited is an electricity generation and retailing company in Australia that owns, manages, and maintains the Snowy Mountains Hydro-electric Scheme which consists of nine hydro-electric power stations and sixteen large dams connected by 145 kilometres (90 mi) of tunnels and 80 kilometres (50 mi) of aqueducts located mainly in the Kosciuszko National Park. Snowy Hydro also owns and operates two gas-fired power stations in Victoria and one in New South Wales, and owns two electricity retailing businesses (Red Energy and Lumo Energy).

[Wikipedia: Rusty-James] Rusty-James is a fictional character in author S. E. Hinton's 1975 novel Rumble Fish. The book was adapted to film and directed by Francis Ford Coppola in 1983. In the film, Rusty-James is played by Matt Dillon. In the book, Rusty James is a tall 14 year old kid in Junior High School with dark red hair and Hershey brown eyes.

[Wikipedia: Glenwood Caverns Adventure Park] Glenwood Caverns Adventure Park is an adventure park located above Glenwood Springs, Colorado, about 160 miles west of Denver. Prior to 2003, only cave tours were available until a major expansion took place. The park is unique because it sits at an altitude of 7,100 feet on a mountain above Glenwood. Today, the park features numerous attractions in addition to the cave tours.

[Wikipedia: Saints Peter and Paul Cathedral, Saint Petersburg] The Peter and Paul Cathedral (Russian: Петропавловский собор ) is a Russian Orthodox cathedral located inside the Peter and Paul Fortress in St. Petersburg, Russia. It is the first and oldest landmark in St. Petersburg, built between 1712 and 1733 on Zayachy Island along the Neva River. Both the cathedral and the fortress were originally built under Peter the Great and designed by Domenico Trezzini. The cathedral's bell tower is the world's tallest Orthodox bell tower. Since the belfry is not standalone, but an integral part of the main building, the cathedral is sometimes considered the highest Orthodox Church in the world. There is another Cathedral of Saints Peter and Paul Church in St. Petersburg, located in Petergof.

[Wikipedia: Renée Fleming] Renée Fleming (born February 14, 1959) is an American opera singer and soprano whose repertoire encompasses Richard Strauss, Mozart, Handel, bel canto, lieder, French opera and chansons, jazz and indie rock. Fleming has a full lyric soprano voice. She has performed coloratura, lyric, and lighter spinto soprano operatic roles in Italian, German, French, Czech, and Russian, aside from her native English. She also speaks fluent German and French, along with limited Italian. Her signature roles include Countess Almaviva in Mozart's "Le nozze di Figaro", Desdemona in Verdi's "Otello", Violetta in Verdi's "La traviata", the title role in Dvořák's "Rusalka", the title role in Massenet's "Manon", the title role in Massenet's "Thaïs", the title role in Richard Strauss's "Arabella", the Marschallin in "Der Rosenkavalier", and the Countess in "Capriccio".

[Wikipedia: Super High] "Super High" is the first single from rapper Rick Ross from his fourth studio album "Teflon Don". The song features Ne-Yo.

[Wikipedia: List of Amanita species] The following is a list of some notable species of the agaric genus "Amanita". This genus contains over 500 named species and varieties, but the list is far from exhaustive. The list follows the classification of subgenera and sections of "Amanita" outline by Corner and Bas; Bas, as used by Tulloss (2007) and modified by Redhead & al. (2016) for "Amanita" subgenus "Amanitina" and Singer for "Amanita" section "Roanokenses". Bolding of the species name and an asterisk (*) following indicates the species is the type species of that section, with a double asterisk (**) indicating the type species of the entire genus. Use of common names follows Tulloss (2007), Holden (2003), Arora (1986), and Lincoff (1981).

[Wikipedia: Philadelphia International Airport] Philadelphia International Airport (IATA: PHL, ICAO: KPHL, FAA LID: PHL) , often referred to just by its IATA code PHL, is a major airport in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States, and is the largest airport in the Delaware Valley region and in the state. The airport is a major international hub for American Airlines and a regional cargo hub for UPS Airlines. Philadelphia International Airport is also a focus city for ultra low cost airline Frontier Airlines. The airport has service to destinations in the United States, Canada, the Caribbean, Latin America, Europe, and the Middle East. Most of the airport property is located in Philadelphia proper. The international terminal and the western end of the airfield are located in Tinicum Township, Delaware County. PHL covers 2,302 acres (932 ha).

[Wikipedia: Hungary at the 2008 Summer Olympics] Hungary competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China. The country sent 131 individual competitors (77 men and 54 women) plus the men's and women's water polo teams and the women's handball team (13+13 + 14 athletes, respectively) for a total of 171 Hungarian athletes taking part in the 2008 Summer Olympic Games. Hungary's gold medal count of 3 was the lowest in the nation's Summer Olympic history since the Paris Summer Olympic Games of 1924. Its total medal count of 10 was the lowest since the 1928 Summer Olympic Games in Amsterdam.

[Wikipedia: Ancient Egyptian religion] Ancient Egyptian religion was a complex system of polytheistic beliefs and rituals which were an integral part of ancient Egyptian society. It centered on the Egyptians' interaction with many deities who were believed to be present in, and in control of, the forces of nature. Rituals such as prayers and offerings were efforts to provide for the gods and gain their favor. Formal religious practice centered on the pharaoh, the king of Egypt, who was believed to possess a divine power by virtue of his position. He acted as the intermediary between his people and the gods and was obligated to sustain the gods through rituals and offerings so that they could maintain order in the universe. The state dedicated enormous resources to Egyptian rituals and to the construction of the temples.

[Wikipedia: Blades of Glory] Blades of Glory is a 2007 American comedy film directed by Josh Gordon and Will Speck, written by John Altschuler, Jeff Cox, Craig Cox and Dave Krinskyand and starring Will Ferrell and Jon Heder. The movie was produced by MTV Films, Red Hour and Smart Entertainment and released on March 30, 2007 by DreamWorks Pictures.

[Wikipedia: Mike D'Antoni] Michael Andrew D'Antoni (born May 8, 1951) is an American-Italian professional basketball coach who was formerly a professional basketball player. He is currently the head coach of the Houston Rockets of the National Basketball Association (NBA). While head coach of the NBA's Phoenix Suns, he won NBA Coach of the Year honors for the 2004–05 NBA season after the Suns posted 33 more wins than the previous season. He coached the New York Knicks starting in 2008 before resigning in 2012. He was hired by the Lakers after seven games into the 2012–13 season. D'Antoni, who holds American and Italian dual citizenship, is known for favoring a fast-paced, offense-oriented system. On June 1, 2016, D'Antoni was named as the new head coach for the Houston Rockets.

[Wikipedia: Reagan Rome] Reagan Rome (born December 29, 1981) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman. After a junior career spent between the Western Hockey League and Saskatchewan Junior Hockey League, Rome began a seven-year professional career spanning the Central Hockey League, ECHL, American Hockey League and 2nd Bundesliga in Germany. He has three brothers – Ryan Rome, Aaron Rome and Ashton Rome, all of whom have also played hockey professionally. Competing four seasons with the Reading Royals of the ECHL, he was inducted into the team's Wall of Honor on January 15, 2010.

[Wikipedia: 92d Operations Group] The 92d Operations Group (92 OG) is the flying component of the 92d Air Refueling Wing, assigned to the United States Air Force Air Mobility Command Eighteenth Air Force. The group is stationed at Fairchild Air Force Base, Washington.

[Wikipedia: Abergairn Castle] Abergairn Castle is a ruined castle, dating from the 17th century, about one mile north of Ballater, Aberdeenshire, Scotland. It is built on the top of an isolated kame, at the north east of the entrance to Glen Gairn.

[Wikipedia: Jill Bauer] Jill Bauer is a Hearst and SPJ journalist, documentarian and non-fiction author. Bauer and Ronna Gradus co-directed two documentary films, "Sexy Baby" (2012) and "Hot Girls Wanted" (2015). Bauer also authored a non-fiction humor book called "From ‘I Do’ to ‘I’ll Sue’: An Irreverent Compendium for Survivors of Divorce". "Sexy Baby" won the Founders Prize for Best Film by a First Time Director at the 2012 Traverse City Film Festival and "Hot Girls Wanted" was nominated in 2015 for a Primetime Emmy and the Grand Jury Prize at the Sundance Film Festival.

[Wikipedia: I Loved 'Em Every One] "Loved 'Em Every One" is a song written by Phil Sampson, and recorded by American country music artist T.G. Sheppard. It was released in March 1981 as the first single from the album "I Love 'Em All". "I Loved 'Em Every One" was T.G. Sheppard's seventh number one on the country chart. The single stayed at number one for one week and spent ten weeks on the country chart. "I Loved' Em Every One" was also Shepperd's only Top 40 single on Billboard's Hot 100, reaching #37.

[Wikipedia: Sugar (Flo Rida song)] "Sugar" is a song by American rapper Flo Rida, featuring American pop/dance singer Wynter Gordon. The song's chorus samples the song "Blue (Da Ba Dee)" by Italian electronic music group Eiffel 65. The song was written by Flo Rida, The Jackie Boyz, Jeffrey Jey, Maurizio Lobina, and Massimo Gabutti, and was produced by DJ Montay for Flo Rida's second album, "R.O.O.T.S.". The song was released as the album's third official single in March 2009 as a digital download.

[Wikipedia: Shingwauk Kinoomaage Gamig] "Shingwauk Kinoomaage Gamig" (University) is an Anishinaabe (Ojibwa) Institute run in conjunction with Algoma University in Sault Ste. Marie and the Shingwauk Education Trust. Shingwauk Kinoomaage Gamig is one of the Aboriginal Institutes in Ontario's post-secondary system which partner with colleges and universities to offer post-secondary programs geared specifically toward Indigenous students.

[Wikipedia: Jackson Avery] Jackson Avery, M.D. is a fictional character from ABC prime time medical drama, "Grey's Anatomy", portrayed by actor Jesse Williams. The character was created by series creator and executive producer, Shonda Rhimes. He was introduced in season six, episode 5, "Invasion" as a former surgical resident from "Mercy West Medical Center" when it merges with "Seattle Grace Hospital". Williams initially appeared as a recurring cast member, and was later promoted to a series regular in season seven. The character's focal storyline involved his attempt to fit in at his new work environment, and trying to finding his own successes, instead of riding on the coattails of his famous family name. The character has also had significant romances with Lexie Grey and Stephanie Edwards. He was married but is now divorced to April Kepner. The couple had a child, Samuel Avery, who died soon after birth. However, the pair have a daughter, Harriett, who was not named after Catherine much to her dismay. She was conceived prior to the divorce. Dr. Avery later becomes a member of the board of directors at the newly established, "Grey Sloan Memorial Hospital", and is the current chairman.

[Wikipedia: Lost Man Booker Prize] The Lost Man Booker Prize was a special edition of the Man Booker Prize awarded by a public vote in 2010 to a novel from 1970 as the books published in 1970 were not eligible for the Man Booker Prize due to a rules alteration; until 1970 the prize was awarded to books published in the previous year, while from 1971 onwards it was awarded to books published the same year as the award. The prize was won by J. G. Farrell for "Troubles".

[Wikipedia: Nate Borden] Nathaniel Borden (September 22, 1932 – September 30, 1992) was a professional American football defensive end in the National Football League (NFL) and the American Football League (AFL). He played college football at Indiana University.

[Wikipedia: A Singles Collection] A Singles Collection (released as Six of One, Half-Dozen of the Other in the U.S.) is a compilation album of Marillion singles from both the Fish era and the Steve Hogarth era, celebrating the band's ten year jubilee (taking 1982, when their debut single was released, as the starting point). It includes the band's six most successful singles of the Fish era, plus all six Steve Hogarth singles up to that year. The tracks on it are not ordered chronologically, unlike on the later compilations "The Best of Both Worlds" (1997) and "The Best of Marillion" (2003) that likewise cover both vocalists' eras. Additionally, it contains two new recordings with Hogarth on vocals, "I Will Walk On Water" and a cover version of the Rare Bird song "Sympathy". This was also released as a single, which peaked at no. 16 in the UK Singles Chart (May 1992), making it the band's highest charting single between 1987 and 2004. In August 1992, "No One Can", a re-packaged version of the August 1991 single from "Holidays in Eden", was released as the second single, peaking at no. 26 (original version no. 33).

[Wikipedia: Morning glory] Morning glory (also written as morning-glory) is the common name for over 1,000 species of flowering plants in the family Convolvulaceae, whose current taxonomy and systematics are in flux. Morning glory species belong to many genera, some of which are:

[Wikipedia: 3rd APAN Star Awards] The 3rd APAN Star Awards () is an awards ceremony for excellence in television in South Korea. It was held at the Hall of Jeongsimhwa International Cultural Center, Chungnam National University in Daejeon on November 15, 2014 and hosted by T-ara's Park So-yeon and Kim Sung-joo. The nominees were chosen from 87 Korean dramas that aired from November 1, 2013 to September 2014.

[Wikipedia: PCUN] Pineros y Campesinos Unidos del Noroeste (in English, Northwest Treeplanters and Farmworkers United), more commonly known by the acronym PCUN, is the largest Latino union in the state of Oregon. PCUN is located in Woodburn, Oregon. According to the "Statesman Journal", the meetings which led to the formation of PCUN were held at Colegio Cesar Chavez, the nation's first fully accredited and independent Latino college. PCUN was founded in 1977 by Cipriano Ferrel, who graduated from Colegio Cesar Chavez and worked closely with Cesar Chavez himself. Ferrel was motivated to create the organization after an increase in immigration raids in Oregon.PCUN has organized the creation of migrant housing and farmworker housing. Cipriano Ferrel worked closely with Cesar Chavez.

[Wikipedia: Us (film)] Us is a 1991 television movie broadcast on CBS, produced, written and directed by Michael Landon. Landon also starred in the film, along with Barney Martin and Casey Peterson. It was a pilot for what would have been Landon's fourth consecutive television series; Landon's death that year precluded its going ahead. Landon played Jeff Hayes, a man just released from prison after serving many years due to being wrongfully convicted of killing a wealthy man's wife.

[Wikipedia: Greater Manchester County Council] The Greater Manchester County Council (GMCC) was the top-tier local government administrative body for Greater Manchester from 1974 to 1986. A strategic authority, with responsibilities for public transport, planning, emergency services and waste disposal, it was composed of 106 members drawn from the ten metropolitan boroughs of Greater Manchester. The Greater Manchester County Council shared power with ten lower-tier district councils, each of which directed local matters. It was also known as the Greater Manchester Council (GMC) and the Greater Manchester Metropolitan County Council (GMMCC).

[Wikipedia: Marabanong] Marabanong is a historic mansion in Jacksonville, Florida. It was built in 1876 on the site of Perley Place, the antebellum mansion purchased in 1870 by British astronomer Thomas Basnett that was originally built by Thomas Perley and destroyed in a fire. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 11, 2013. It is located at 4749 River Point Road. Eliza Wilbur was active at the home.

[Wikipedia: Gualeguaychú, Entre Ríos] Gualeguaychú is a city in the province of Entre Ríos, Argentina , on the left bank of the Gualeguaychú River (a tributary of the Uruguay River). It is located on the south-east of the province, approximately 230 km north-west of Buenos Aires. It has a population of 109,266 according to the .

[Wikipedia: Allied invasion of Italy] The Allied invasion of Italy was the Allied amphibious landing on mainland Italy that took place on 3 September 1943 during the early stages of the Italian Campaign of World War II. The operation was undertaken by General Sir Harold Alexander's 15th Army Group (comprising General Mark W. Clark and General Bernard Montgomery's British Eighth Army) and followed the successful invasion of Sicily. The main invasion force landed around Salerno on 9 September on the western coast in Operation Avalanche, while two supporting operations took place in Calabria (Operation Baytown) and Taranto (Operation Slapstick).

[Wikipedia: Life Is a Bed of Roses] Life Is a Bed of Roses (French: La vie est un roman) is a 1983 French film directed by Alain Resnais from a screenplay by Jean Gruault. The English-language distribution title of the film is "Life Is a Bed of Roses", though it has also been known as "Forbek's Castle" and "Life Is a Fairy Tale". A literal translation of the original title is "Life is a novel ["or" story, romance]"; in the film the French quotation (or misquotation) is attributed to Napoleon.

[Wikipedia: 1980 Stanford Cardinals football team] The 1980 Stanford Cardinals football team represented Stanford University in the 1980 NCAA Division I-A football season. Following the surprise resignation of Rod Dowhower, Stanford's new head coach was Paul Wiggin, a former star defensive end at Stanford who had also played 10 years in the NFL and most recently had been an assistant coach in the NFL.

[Wikipedia: Secotium] Secotium is a genus of fungi in the family Agaricaceae. The members of this genus are closely related to ordinary "Agaricus" mushrooms, but do not open out in the usual way; this has given rise to the term "secotioid" for such mushrooms in general. They are thought to form an evolutionary link between agarics and gasteroid fungi (whose spores are enclosed in a pouch-like structure). "Secotium" is a widespread genus, with species that are predominantly found in warm and arid regions.

[Wikipedia: The Runaway (album)] The Runaway is the third album from London indie-rock band The Magic Numbers. The Stodart and Gannon siblings reveal a rather upbeat side on this offering, compared to their 2006 release "Those the Brokes". The album features string arrangements by Robert Kirby (Nick Drake, Elvis Costello), who died in 2009, with "The Runaway" ultimately proving to be his final piece of work.

[Wikipedia: Martin Luther] Martin Luther ( ; ] ; 10 November 1483 – 18 February 1546), O.S.A., was a German professor of theology, composer, priest, monk and a seminal figure in the Protestant Reformation.

[Wikipedia: Ex-Idols (band)] The Ex-Idols were an American band formed in Los Angeles, California in 1992 by Gary "X" Finneran, Keith Kessinger, Sean DeMott, and Lance Porter. Originating in the heart of the Los Angeles / Hollywood underground rock clubs, the band quickly gained interest due to their outstanding songwriting and talented vocalist "Gary X" (Gary "X" Finneran). Within their first year of forming the band signed with Relativity Records, established a publishing deal with BMI (Broadcast Music, Inc.), and replaced original guitar player with notable punk guitarist Duke Decter due to artistic differences. The band was short-lived due to the chemical dependencies among the band members resulting in the suicide/death of singer/songwriter Gary "X" Finneran.

[Wikipedia: Piano Concerto No. 2 (Mendelssohn)] The Piano Concerto No. 2 in D minor, Op. 40, was written in 1837 by Felix Mendelssohn and premiered at the Birmingham Festival of 1837, an event that also saw the premier of Mendelssohn's St. Paul Oratorio. He had already written a piano concerto in A minor with string accompaniment (1822), two concertos with two pianos (1823 – 4), and his first Piano Concerto. The concerto is about 23 minutes in length, and is scored for strings, flute, clarinet, oboe, horn, trumpet, and timpani.

[Wikipedia: The Handmaid's Tale] The Handmaid's Tale is a 1985 dystopian novel by Canadian author Margaret Atwood. Set in a near-future New England, in a totalitarian, Christian theonomy that has overthrown the United States government, the novel explores themes of women in subjugation and the various means by which they gain individualism and independence. The novel's title echoes the component parts of Geoffrey Chaucer's "The Canterbury Tales", which is a series of connected stories ("The Merchant's Tale", "The Parson's Tale", etc.).

[Wikipedia: New York – New Jersey Line War] The New York – New Jersey Line War (also known as the N.J. Line War) refers to a series of skirmishes and raids that took place for over half a century between 1701 and 1765 at the disputed border between two American colonies, the Province of New York and the Province of New Jersey.

[Wikipedia: Living in a Big Way] Living in a Big Way (1947) is an American musical comedy film starring Gene Kelly and Marie McDonald as a couple who marry during World War II after only knowing each other a short time. This was director Gregory La Cava's final film.

[Wikipedia: 2017 West Virginia Mountaineers baseball team] The 2017 West Virginia Mountaineers baseball team represents West Virginia University during the 2017 NCAA Division I baseball season. The Mountaineers play their home games at Monongalia County Ballpark as a member of the Big 12 Conference. They are led by head coach Randy Mazey, in his 5th season at West Virginia.

[Wikipedia: David Lightfoot] David Lightfoot worked on the horror films "Wolf Creek" and "Rogue".

[Wikipedia: Nichidatsu Fujii's movement] In 1981, Nichidatsu Fujii dispatched his followers to march and chant around the globe in support of the U.N. 2nd. special session for disarmament. In the U.S. marchers began in New Orleans, L.A. and San Francisco, in Canada marchers began in Montreal and Toronto. The San Francisco March began on Oct. 21, 1981 with a ceremony on Alcatraz. 13 marchers, being Buddhist followers of Nipponzan-Myōhōji, Native Americans, U.S. and German citizens, began the S.F. march. marching about 20 mile per day they were hosted each night by community groups in every town and on Native reservations. many mayors and town councils made proclamations and such honoring the peace and disarmament marchers. Over the course of the march citizens were moved to join. By the time they arrived in Chicago the S.F. marchers numbered about 30. In May 1982 the group of about 40 marchers from Toronto joined the S.F. group in Buffalo N.Y. at the International Peace Bridge doubling the size of the group. Through the state of N.Y. 10 to 20 people joined the march daily. When the S.F. group walked across the George Washington Bridge they numbered about 300. The groups on other march routs also grew over the 7 months. On June 12, 1982, in Central Park Nipponzan-Myōhōji marchers from the U.S.A., Europe, Africa, and Asia, joined with mobilization for survival organizers and religious and peace groups from around the world in a peaceful demonstration for disarmament of many million people.

[Wikipedia: Ontario Highway 410] King's Highway 410, also known as Highway 410 and colloquially as the four-ten, is a 400-series highway in the Canadian province of Ontario that connects Highways 401 and 403 to Brampton. North of Brampton, the freeway connects to Highway 10, which continues north through Caledon as a four lane arterial road. The route is patrolled by the Ontario Provincial Police and has a speed limit of 100 km/h .

[Wikipedia: Keep On Movin' (Soul II Soul song)] "Keep On Movin'" is a song by British soul/R&B band Soul II Soul. It was the second single released from their debut album "Club Classics Vol. One", ("Keep On Movin<nowiki>'</nowiki>" in the United States) after "Fairplay". It is one of two songs on the album that features British R&B singer Caron Wheeler (the other being "Back to Life (However Do You Want Me)") and it became one of Soul II Soul's most successful songs. It reached number five on the UK Singles Chart upon its release in March 1989 and number 11 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100, and was even more successful on Billboard's R&B charts, where it hit number one.

[Wikipedia: I Love Lucy (film)] I Love Lucy, a.k.a. I Love Lucy: The Movie is a 1953 American feature film spin-off of the sitcom "I Love Lucy". Except for one test screening in Bakersfield, California, the film was never theatrically released and was shelved.

[Wikipedia: Tornadoes in New England] Tornadoes are fairly uncommon in the US region of New England. Fewer tornadoes are recorded here than anywhere else east of the Rocky Mountains. However, these deadly and destructive storms do occur; on average, about eight tornadoes are reported in the region each year. Almost 200 people have been killed by these storms in recorded history, and two of the ten most destructive tornadoes in US history occurred in this region.

[Wikipedia: Daron Malakian] Daron Vartan Malakian (Armenian: Տարօն/Տարոն Վարդան Մալաքեան, born July 18, 1975) is an Armenian–American singer-songwriter, multi-instrumentalist, and record producer. He is best known as the guitarist, songwriter and second vocalist of the rock band System of a Down and as the lead vocalist, lead guitarist and songwriter of the band Scars on Broadway. Like the rest of the Hollywood-based band System of a Down, he is of Armenian ancestry, but he is the only member to have been born in the United States. Daron Malakian is known for his distinctive playing and is ranked 40th in Loudwire's list of "Top 50 Hard Rock + Metal Guitarists Of All Time" and #11 in MusicRadar's poll, "The 20 Greatest Metal Guitarists Ever". He is placed 30th in Guitar World's List of The 100 Greatest Heavy Metal Guitarists of All Time.

[Wikipedia: Northern Ireland national under-19 football team] The Northern Ireland national under-19 football team (also known as Northern Ireland under-19, under-19s or U19) represents Northern Ireland in association football at under-19 level. It is controlled by the Irish Football Association and began under the name of Ireland Youth when the Home Nations first held a round robin of friendly matches in 1948. The same year they entered the first International Youth Tournament, now the UEFA European Under-19 Football Championship. Their best performance was in 1963 when they finished as runner-up. The team evolved into the Northern Ireland under-18 team then the current under-19 team. As well as the UEFA Under-19 Championships the team also enters the annual Milk Cup (currently as an under-20 side). In addition, the team plays regular friendlies, sometimes as an under-20 or under-18 team by agreement of the opposing association.

[Wikipedia: 2014 World's Strongest Man] The 2014 World's Strongest Man was the 37th edition of World's Strongest Man. The event was held at the Commerce Casino in Los Angeles, California, the same host city as the 2012 World's Strongest Man contest. The qualifying heats were held from March 22–25 and the finals on March 28 & 29. Unlike previous years when 10 athletes qualified for the finals, this year there were 12 qualifying spots. The top 2 from each heat qualified, as well as the 2 highest scoring 3rd place athletes from all 5 heats. The event was sponsored by the Commerce Casino and will begin broadcasting in the United States on the CBS Sports Network from July 4-August 13, 2014. Zydrunas Savickas from Lithuania finished in first place, this was his fourth WSM title. Hafþór Júlíus Björnsson from Iceland finished in second place, and Brian Shaw from the United States came in third.

[Wikipedia: Devil's Food] Devil's Food is a singles compilation by the American rock and roll band Supersuckers, released in April 2005 on Mid-Fi records.

[Wikipedia: Chengbei Subdistrict, Lianjiang, Guangdong] Chengbei Subdistrict () is a subdistrict of Lianjiang in southwestern Guangdong, People's Republic of China, occupying the northern portion of the urban area of Lianjiang as suggested by its name. , it has 2 residential communities (社区) and 3 villages under its administration.

[Wikipedia: German submarine U-758] German submarine "U-758" was a Type VIIC U-boat built for Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine" for service during World War II. Commissioned on 5 May 1942, she served with the 6th U-boat Flotilla until 1 November as a training boat, and as a front boat until 14 October 1944 mostly under the command of "Kapitänleutnant" Helmut Manseck before joining the 33rd U-boat Flotilla as a training boat for the remainder of her service in the war.

[Wikipedia: Jorge Lozano] Jorge Lozano (born 17 May 1963 in San Luis Potosí) is a retired professional tennis player from Mexico. He reached his highest doubles ranking of World No. 4 in August 1988. His highest singles ranking was World No. 51, achieved the following month. During his career, he won two mixed doubles titles at the French Open: in 1990 with Arantxa Sánchez, and in 1988 with Lori McNeil. He reached the round of 16 in singles at the 1988 US Open and also the semifinal in doubles that same year. Qualified twice for the Doubles Masters at the Royal Albert Hall in London and reached the semifinals in 1988. In his career, he won nine doubles titles, but no singles titles. He turned professional in 1986, and in his career, he won $U.S.739,424 in prize money. He was the first player to be beaten by Pete Sampras in the main draw of a Grand Slam tournament, at the French Open in 1989. In Davis Cup play, represented Mexico for 15 years, 1981–1995, won 12 doubles matches, and lost 12 as well. He lost 11 singles matches, and won 8, making his overall win / loss record at the Davis Cup 20–23. Lozano won his first title at Forest Hills in 1988, with his partner Todd Witsken, and won his last at Athens in 1993. He resides in Guadalajara, Mexico where he directs a tennis academy for kids and also coaches the men and women tennis team at the University Tec de Monterrey. He is currently the captain of the Mexican Davis Cup Team.

[Wikipedia: Cecily Strong] Cecily Legler Strong (born February 8, 1984) is an American actress, voice actress, and comedian, known as a cast member of "Saturday Night Live", having joined the show in 2012.

[Wikipedia: Oklahoma Sooners football] The Oklahoma Sooners football program is a college football team that represents the University of Oklahoma (variously "Oklahoma" or "OU"). The team is currently a member of the Big 12 Conference, which is in Division I Football Bowl Subdivision (formerly Division I-A) of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA). The program began in 1895 and is one of the most successful programs since World War II with the most wins (606) and the highest winning percentage (.762) since 1945. The program has 7 national championships, 45 conference championships, 154 All-Americans (76 consensus), and five Heisman Trophy winners. In addition, the school has had 23 members (five coaches and 18 players) inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame and holds the record for the longest winning streak in Division I history with 47 straight victories, a record that stands to this day. Oklahoma is also the only program that has had four coaches with 100+ wins. They became the sixth NCAA FBS team to win 850 games when they defeated the Kansas Jayhawks on November 22, 2014. The Sooners play their home games at Gaylord Family Oklahoma Memorial Stadium in Norman, Oklahoma. Lincoln Riley is currently the team's head coach.

[Wikipedia: Edmund White] Edmund Valentine White III (born January 13, 1940) is an American novelist, memoirist, and an essayist on literary and social topics. Much of his writing is on the theme of same-sex love. His books include "The Joy of Gay Sex" (1977) (written with Charles Silverstein), his trio of autobiographic novels, "A Boy's Own Story" (1982), "The Beautiful Room Is Empty" (1988) and "The Farewell Symphony" (1997), and his biography of Jean Genet.

[Wikipedia: Mind Exploding] Mind Exploding is the fifth album by Lucifer's Friend. This album marks the point where they return to a more hard rock oriented style with less of a progressive rock sound. It is more or less the missing link between "I'm Just a Rock & Roll Singer" (1973) and "Banquet" (1974). With the hard rock driven sound of "I'm Just a Rock 'n' Roll Singer" but still has the occasional horn section and progressiveness of "Banquet". This is the last album to feature John Lawton on vocals before he joined Uriah Heep. John Lawton would return to Lucifer's Friend in 1981 to record the "Mean Machine" album.

[Wikipedia: GURPS Basic Set] GURPS Basic Set is a hard-bound two volume set written by Steve Jackson, Sean M. Punch, and David L. Pulver. The first edition "GURPS Basic Set" was published in 1986.

[Wikipedia: Earthman's Burden] Earthman's Burden is a collection of science fiction and fantasy stories by Poul Anderson and Gordon Dickson. It was first published by Gnome Press in 1957. The story "Don Jones" was original to this collection. The other stories originally appeared in the magazines "Other Worlds", "Universe" and "Fantasy and Science Fiction".

[Wikipedia: List of songs recorded by Iggy Azalea] Australian rapper Iggy Azalea has recorded songs for one studio album, one reissue, one extended play (EP) and two mixtapes, among other releases, some of which were collaborations with others. Azalea's first mixtape "Ignorant Art", her debut music release and also the project generally credited as her career breakthrough, was released in September 2011 and recorded in Los Angeles, where Azalea had been residing since the previous year, after migrating from Australia to the United States in 2006 when she was sixteen years old to pursue a rap career. Prior to the release of the mixtape, Azalea had shared several home videos on her YouTube channel as an underground rapper. She then aligned herself with Southern rapper T.I., eventually signing with his Grand Hustle imprint in 2012. With plans to release her debut studio album that year, she ended up putting out a free six-song EP titled "Glory" in July, with material that was originally slated for the album, and recorded while she was in Atlanta. In May 2012, Azalea was featured on Steve Aoki and Angger Dimas' collaborative electronic track "Beat Down". She then announced she would be releasing her second mixtape in October 2012, "TrapGold", produced entirely by Diplo and FKi.

[Wikipedia: Operation Overlord] Operation Overlord was the codename for the Battle of Normandy, the Allied operation that launched the successful invasion of German-occupied Western Europe during World War II. The operation was launched on 6 June 1944 with the Normandy landings (Operation Neptune, commonly known as D-Day). A 1,200-plane airborne assault preceded an amphibious assault involving more than 5,000 vessels. Nearly 160,000 troops crossed the English Channel on 6 June, and more than two million Allied troops were in France by the end of August.

[Wikipedia: Home on the Range (2004 film)] Home on the Range is a 2004 American animated musical western comedy film produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation and released by Walt Disney Pictures. The 45th Disney animated feature film, it was the last 2D animated Disney film released until "The Princess and the Frog" in 2009. Named after the popular country song of the same name, "Home on the Range" features the voices of Roseanne Barr, Judi Dench, Jennifer Tilly, Cuba Gooding Jr., Randy Quaid, and Steve Buscemi. The film is set in the Old West, and centers on a mismatched trio of dairy cows—brash, adventurous Maggie; prim, proper Mrs. Caloway; and ditzy, happy-go-lucky Grace. The three cows must capture an infamous cattle rustler named Alameda Slim for his bounty in order to save their idyllic farm from foreclosure. Aiding them in their quest is Lucky Jack, a feisty, peg-legged rabbit, but a selfish horse named Buck, eagerly working in the service of Rico, a famous bounty hunter, seeks the glory for himself.

[Wikipedia: Dungeons &amp; Dragons retro-clones] "Dungeons & Dragons" retro-clones are fantasy role-playing games that seek to emulate editions of "Dungeons & Dragons" ("D&D") no longer supported by Wizards of the Coast. They are mostly made possible by the terms of the Open Game License and System Reference Document, which allows the use of much of the proprietary terminology of "D&D" that might otherwise collectively constitute a copyright infringement. While these rules lack the name "D&D" or any of the associated trademarks, their intent is to have a playable experience similar to those older editions.

[Wikipedia: Mike Dudek] Mike Dudek (born August 21, 1995) is an American football wide receiver for the Illinois Fighting Illini. As a true freshman, Dudek broke Illinois' school record for receiving yards by a freshman, previously set by Arrelious Benn in 2007.

[Wikipedia: Brisbane State High School] Brisbane State High School (BSHS or often commonly State High or High) is a partially selective, co-educational, state secondary school, located in South Brisbane, Queensland, Australia. It is a member of the Great Public Schools' Association of Queensland, and the Queensland Girls' Secondary Schools Sports Association. It was the first state secondary school established in Brisbane, as well as the first academic state high school to be founded in Queensland. The school employs a variety of selection criteria for prospective students, maintaining a quota for local area enrolments, however also using academic, sporting, cultural and artistic talents as means of determining the annual intake. In 2017, there were 3,190 students in Years 7–12.

[Wikipedia: Pan-African colours] The term Pan-African colours refers to two different sets of three colours: red, gold (not yellow), and green (inspired by the flag of Ethiopia), and red, black, and green. They are used in flags and other emblems of various countries and territories in Africa and the Americas to represent Pan-Africanist ideology. The Rastafarian movement and many Pan-African organisations also often employ the colours for their activities.

[Wikipedia: Aphra Behn] Aphra Behn ( ; 14 December 1640? (baptismal date)–16 April 1689) was a British playwright, poet, translator and fiction writer from the Restoration era. As one of the first English women to earn her living by her writing, she broke cultural barriers and served as a literary role model for later generations of women authors. Rising from obscurity, she came to the notice of Charles II, who employed her as a spy in Antwerp. Upon her return to London and a probable

[Wikipedia: Dominic Grieve] Dominic Charles Roberts Grieve, {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (born 24 May 1956) is a British Conservative politician, barrister, Queen's Counsel and a Member of the Privy Council. He has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Beaconsfield since 1997, and served as Attorney General for England and Wales and Advocate General for Northern Ireland from May 2010 to July 2014, attending Cabinet. He left the office of Attorney General as part the Cabinet reshuffle of 14 July 2014, and was replaced by Jeremy Wright. Grieve has been described as a liberal conservative.

[Wikipedia: Freelusion] Freelusion is the world's 1st 3D dance troupe, established in 2009 in Hungary. Their act is to combine video/projection mapping technology with interactive dancing, taking the audience into virtual reality by using high end technology combined with stunning and professional dance. The leader and the chief choreographer of the team is Tímea Papp, dancer and choreographer from Hungary. Freelusion reached the semi-finals of Britain's Got Talent in 2013. The USA partner of Freelusion called SensEtion, representing and performing the same virtual dance concept, participated in Season 8 of America's Got Talent. Further, two of the dancers and the choreographer were on the tenth season of "America's Got Talent", in which they made it to the semifinals before being eliminated in a judge's vote. Both Freelusion and SensEtion have shows with different storyboards for single or group dancing up to 10 people performances. Currently, both groups are still together.

[Wikipedia: Gerard Koeppel] Gerard Koeppel is an American author and historian, with a focus on New York infrastructure. He has written three books—"Water for Gotham: A History" (Princeton University Press, 2000), "Bond of Union: Building the Erie Canal and the American Nation" (Da Capo Press, 2009); and "City on a Grid: How New York Became New York" (Da Capo Press, 2015)—and contributed to numerous other books, including The Encyclopedia of New York City, of which he was an associate editor of the second edition. "City on a Grid" was a winner of a 2015 New York City Book Award and was named one of Planetizen's top 10 urban planning books of 2015. Koeppel has written opinion pieces for the "New York Times ", the "New York Daily News", and other print and online publications. He writes and speaks regularly about aspects of New York history. He is a graduate of Wesleyan University, where he was deeply influenced by professors V.S. Naipaul and Phyllis Rose. He has been a charter sailboat captain, a New York City cabdriver, and radio journalist, including a dozen years at CBS News.

[Wikipedia: Drinking water quality standards] Drinking water quality standards describes the quality parameters set for drinking water. Despite the truism that every human on this planet needs drinking water to survive and that water may contain many harmful constituents, there are no universally recognized and accepted international standards for drinking water. Even where standards do exist, and are applied, the permitted concentration of individual constituents may vary by as much as ten times from one set of standards to another.

[Wikipedia: Killings (short story)] Killings is a short tale written by Andre Dubus in 1979. The short story entails how a man seeks revenge after the death of his son in cold blood. In 2001, the story was adapted into Todd Field's film, "In the Bedroom". The film starred Sissy Spacek, Tom Wilkinson, and Marisa Tomei, and was nominated for five Academy Awards – Best Picture, Actor in a Leading Role (Wilkinson), Actress in a Leading Role (Spacek), Actress in a Supporting Role (Tomei), and Best Writing, Screenplay Based on Material Previously Published (Robert Festinger & Field). After the film's release the story was republished in a collection called "In the Bedroom" for which Field wrote the preface.

[Wikipedia: Fiesta Foods] Fiesta Foods is the name of three different grocery store chains in the United States. One is located in the Midwest, where the individual stores are privately owned. Fiesta Foods chain stores in California and other state tending to a Hispanic clientele with other cultures specializing in Mexican cuisine. The third chain also tending to a Hispanic clientele and other cultures. Fiesta Food stores serve across southeastern Washington and northeastern Oregon.

[Wikipedia: National Provider Identifier] A National Provider Identifier or NPI is a unique 10-digit identification number issued to health care providers in the United States by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS). The NPI has replaced the unique physician identification number (UPIN) as the required identifier for Medicare services, and is used by other payers, including commercial healthcare insurers. The transition to the NPI was mandated as part of the Administrative Simplifications portion of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA), and CMS began issuing NPIs in October 2006.

[Wikipedia: Bishopston, Swansea] Bishopston (Welsh: Llandeilo Ferwallt ) is a hamlet and community situated on the Gower Peninsula, some 6 mi west south west of the centre of Swansea in South Wales. Forming part of the Bishopston ward of the City and County of Swansea, it is one of the largest villages on Gower. Bishopston has its own rugby club, South Gower RFC, and its own primary and comprehensive schools. Local beaches include Brandy Cove, Caswell Bay and Pwll Du. The electoral ward consists of part or all of the following areas: Barland Common, Caswell, Clyne Common(Rhos-Glyn), Bishopston(Llandeilo-ferwallt), Manselfield(Maesyfaen),Murton(Morthw) Oldway(Henlôn),in the parliamentary constituency of Gower. It is bounded by the Bristol Channel to the south; and the wards of: Pennard to the west; Fairwood(Welsh: Llwynffair) to the north; and Mayals, West Cross(Crwys Fawr) and Newton(Trenewydd)to the east.

[Wikipedia: Trust (2010 film)] Trust (stylized as trust_) is a 2010 American drama thriller film directed by David Schwimmer and based on a screenplay by Andy Bellin and Robert Festinger, and an uncredited story by Schwimmer. It stars Viola Davis, Clive Owen, Catherine Keener, Jason Clarke, and Liana Liberato.

[Wikipedia: Abel J. Brown] Abel J. Brown (1817–1894), was a Lutheran pastor of Immanuel's and Buehler's (or Beeler's) congregations in Sullivan County, Tennessee. He was a leader in the Evangelical Lutheran Tennessee Synod from 1836 to 1861. He was instrumental in the leading the East Tennessee congregations to form the Evangelical Lutheran Holston Synod, and was a leading member of that synod from 1861 until his death. He published several of his sermons and essays, and was the president of the Diet of Salisbury in 1884, which oversaw the creation of the United Synod of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in the South.

[Wikipedia: Henry P. Haney] Henry P. Haney (November 25, 1846 - November 19, 1923) was an American Last survivor of The Great Locomotive Chase during the American Civil War. He was a 15-year-old fireman on the "Texas", the locomotive used by the "General's" crew to pursue the "General" on the second half of the chase after it was stolen by the Andrews Raiders.

[Wikipedia: Flashbacks of a Fool] Flashbacks of a Fool is a 2008 British drama film about a Hollywood actor who, following the death of his childhood best friend, reflects upon his life and what might have been, had he stayed in England. The film was directed by Baillie Walsh, and stars Daniel Craig, Harry Eden, Claire Forlani, Felicity Jones, Emilia Fox, Eve, Jodhi May, Helen McCrory and Miriam Karlin.

[Wikipedia: Maya Paczuski] Before founding the Complexity Science Group at the University of Calgary, she held appointments at numerous institutions around the world, most notably, M.I.T., Brookhaven National Laboratory, the Niels Bohr Institute (Copenhagen, Denmark), the University of Houston, NORDITA (Copenhagen, Denmark), Imperial College London, the von Neumann Institute for Computing at Forschungszentrum Jülich, and the Perimeter Institute for Theoretical Physics, where she organized and ran the first complex systems and statistical physics program. Paczuski was married to the late Danish theoretical physicist Per Bak, with whom she has coauthored papers.

[Wikipedia: The Man Who Killed Don Quixote] The Man Who Killed Don Quixote is an upcoming fantasy-adventure-comedy film directed by Terry Gilliam and written by Gilliam and Tony Grisoni, loosely based on the novel "Don Quixote" by Miguel de Cervantes. It is widely recognized as one of the most infamous examples of development hell in film history, with Gilliam unsuccessfully attempting to make the film a total of eight times over the span of nineteen years.

[Wikipedia: King Kong Escapes] King Kong Escapes (released in Japan as Counterattack of King Kong (キングコングの逆襲 , Kingu Kongu no Gyakushū ) , is a 1967 Japanese-American science-fiction "kaiju" film featuring King Kong, co-produced by Toho and Rankin/Bass. The film is directed by Ishiro Honda with special effects by Eiji Tsuburaya and stars Rhodes Reason, Linda Miller, Akira Takarada, Mie Hama, Eisei Amamoto, with Haruo Nakajima as King Kong and Yū Sekida as Mechani-Kong and Gorosaurus. The film was a loose adaptation of the Rankin/Bass Saturday morning cartoon series "The King Kong Show" and was the second and final Japanese-produced film featuring King Kong. "King Kong Escapes" was released in Japan on July 22, 1967 and released in the United States on June 19, 1968.

[Wikipedia: Beautiful Brown Eyes] "Beautiful Brown Eyes" is a traditional country song arranged by Fiddlin' Arthur Smith & Alton Delmore of The Delmore Brothers in 1951. An award was presented to Alton Delmore for "Beautiful Brown Eyes" in 1951.

[Wikipedia: TV track] A TV track is usually a song or a musical sequence used as background music during a scene or visual sequence on television (i.e., commercials or television shows). If a song has vocals, part of the vocals may be removed for voice-overs or dialogue, while the instrumental track is left intact. Some notable examples are the songs: "Complicated", "Sk8er Boi", "I'm With You", and "Losing Grip" from the Japanese special bonus edition of the 2002 album "Let Go" by Avril Lavigne, or "Ready to Uff" from the 2006 EP "Pop the Glock/Ready to Uff", and "Brand New Car" from the 2007 single "F1rst Love", both by Uffie, all used as TV tracks.

[Wikipedia: Monster (2014 film)] Monster () is a 2014 South Korean thriller film written and directed by Hwang In-ho, starring Lee Min-ki and Kim Go-eun.

[Wikipedia: Big Mama (band)] Big Mama (빅마마) was a South Korean female singing group from M Boat, a former sister company of YG Entertainment.

[Wikipedia: Obsessed (2009 film)] Obsessed is a 2009 American thriller film directed by Steve Shill. The Rainforest Films production stars Idris Elba, Beyoncé, and Ali Larter. "Obsessed" tells the story of Lisa, an office temp played by Larter, who develops romantic feelings for her boss, Derek Charles (Elba), and repeatedly attempts to seduce him. Derek's wife, Sharon (Beyoncé), learns of Lisa's obsessive behavior, and suspects an affair. Screen Gems president Clint Culpepper conceived the basic idea of "Obsessed", which was then developed by writer David Loughery, allocated a production budget of $20 million, and filmed in the summer of 2008. "Obsessed" was inspired by the work of directors Roman Polanski and Alfred Hitchcock, and its score was written by James Dooley. Lisa and Sharon were dressed in contrasting styles to reinforce their conflicting characters. "Obsessed" opened in US theaters on April 24, 2009, and UK theaters on May 29, 2009, and was distributed by Screen Gems.

[Wikipedia: List of Friends characters] Various characters appeared in the sitcom "Friends", which aired for ten seasons on NBC from 1994 to 2004. It featured six main cast members: Rachel Green (Jennifer Aniston), Phoebe Buffay (Lisa Kudrow), Joey Tribbiani (Matt LeBlanc), Chandler Bing (Matthew Perry), Ross Geller (David Schwimmer) and Monica Geller (Courteney Cox). Many celebrities guest starred on the series throughout its ten-year run.

[Wikipedia: Brant Alyea] Garrabrant Ryerson Alyea (born December 8, 1940) is a former outfielder in Major League Baseball outfielder who played with four different teams from 1965 through 1972 .

[Wikipedia: East Central German] East Central German (German: "Ostmitteldeutsche Dialekte" ) is the eastern, non-Franconian sub-group of Central German dialects, themselves part of High German. Present-day Standard German as a High German variant has actually developed from a compromise of East Central (especially Upper Saxon promoted by Johann Christoph Gottsched) and East Franconian German. East Central German dialects are mainly spoken in Central Germany and parts of Brandenburg, and were formerly also spoken in Silesia and Bohemia.

[Wikipedia: Bus Stop (TV series)] Bus Stop is a 26-episode American drama which aired on ABC from October 1, 1961, until March 25, 1962, starring Marilyn Maxwell as Grace Sherwood, the owner of a bus station and diner in the fictitious town of Sunrise in the Colorado Rockies. The program was adapted from William Inge's play, "Bus Stop", and Inge was a script consultant for the series, which followed the lives of travelers passing through the bus station and the diner. Maxwell's co-stars were Richard Anderson as District Attorney Glenn Wagner, Rhodes Reason as Sheriff Will Mayberry, Joan Freeman as waitress Elma Gahrigner, Bernard Kates as Ralph the coroner, and Buddy Ebsen as Virge Blessing.

[Wikipedia: Cow Country] Cow Country is a 1953 American Western film directed by Lesley Selander and written by Adele Buffington and Thomas W. Blackburn. The film stars Edmond O'Brien, Helen Westcott, Robert Lowery, Barton MacLane, Peggie Castle, Robert Barrat and James Millican. The film was released on April 26, 1953, by Allied Artists Pictures.

[Wikipedia: Orlando: A Biography] Orlando: A Biography is a novel by Virginia Woolf, first published on 11 October 1928. A high-spirited romp inspired by the tumultuous family history of Woolf's lover and close friend, the aristocratic poet and novelist Vita Sackville-West, it is arguably one of Woolf's most popular novels: a history of English literature in satiric form. The book describes the adventures of a poet who changes sex from man to woman and lives for centuries, meeting the key figures of English literary history. Considered a feminist classic, the book has been written about extensively by scholars of women's writing and gender and transgender studies.

[Wikipedia: William Schoell] William Schoell (pronounced "shoal") is an American author, biographer and film historian, born in Manhattan in 1951 and educated in Vermont, earning a B.A. from Castleton State College. He has written several horror and science fiction novels, such as "Late at Night" (1986) and "Saurian" (1988). He was the author of "Hidden Horrors," a column in the now defunct horror magazine "The Scream Factory", as well as a contributor of articles and reviews to periodicals including "Writer", "Writer's Digest", "Paris Notes", "Off Duty", and "BBC Music". He was also a talk show radio host and producer. More recently, he has published books that deal with film, and biographies, some of which were written together with Hollywood biographer Lawrence J. Quirk, his domestic partner. His play "Joe and Janice" premiered at the American Theater of Actors in 2000. He writes a popular blog on movies called Great Old Movies. Prominent in the Gay Rights Movement in the 1970s, he now has a blog called "Ask Gay "Dr." Bill," which answers questions about gay life and the LGBT community.

[Wikipedia: Mickey's Mouse Tracks] Mickey's Mouse Tracks is an American animated television series on The Disney Channel which ran from 1992 to 1995, and featured Disney cartoons and animated short films, dating from before the advent of The Disney Channel. A similar show was "Donald's Quack Attack". The show premiered on November 2, 1992, along with "Donald's Quack Attack", on The Disney Channel. The show was made to replace "Good Morning, Mickey!". A show identical to this show called "Mickey Mouse and Friends" premiered in 1994. It was not possible to know what episode was going to be shown on any given day, but the show "did" feature showings of some shorts that do not show up on "The Ink and Paint Club" along with some shorts made by the "Fleischer" brothers, and clips from the animated features, such as "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs", "Pinocchio", "Dumbo", "Cinderella", and "Alice in Wonderland". In 1996, the show was replaced by "Mickey Mouse Works", later given a plot as "House of Mouse". In between each cartoon, a short segment featured a small clip of a Mickey Mouse cartoon, accompanied by the "Mouse Tracks" logo. In addition to airing on The Disney Channel from 1992 to 1996, the show also ran on Toon Disney from 1998 to 1999.

[Wikipedia: List of songs recorded by Myles Kennedy] Myles Kennedy is an American rock musician. Born in Boston, Massachusetts, he originally began his musical career in Spokane, Washington as the guitarist in jazz band Cosmic Dust. After recording 1991's "Journey", he left to form alternative rock band Citizen Swing in 1992. The group released two albums, 1992's "Cure Me with the Groove" and 1996's "Deep Down", on both of which Kennedy was co-credited for songwriting. Kennedy's next band was The Mayfield Four, which he co-founded with guitarist Craig Johnson, bassist Marty Meisner and drummer Zia Uddin in 1996. The frontman wrote most of the material on the band's 1998 debut "Fallout" and all of the songs on 2001's "Second Skin".

[Wikipedia: Tourism in Argentina] Argentina is provided with a vast territory and a huge variety of climates and microclimates ranging from tundra and polar in the south to the tropical climate in the north, through a vast expanse of temperate climate and natural wonders like the Aconcagua, the highest mountain in the world outside the Himalayas, the widest river and estuary of the planet (the River Plate), the huge and very mighty Iguazú Falls, some of the flattest and wide meadows-plains of planet Earth (as the Humid Pampas, a large ocean-sea coast in the Argentine Sea), culture, customs and gastronomies famous internationally, a higher degree of development (very high compared to other Latin American countries), good quality of life and people, and relatively well prepared infrastructure make this country one of the most visited of America.

[Wikipedia: Blessid Union of Souls (album)] Blessid Union of Souls is the second studio album by the American alternative rock band Blessid Union of Souls, released on May 20, 1997 (see 1997 in music) on Capitol Records. Two singles were released from the album—"I Wanna Be There" and "Light in Your Eyes".

[Wikipedia: Clear Lake Site] Clear Lake Site is an archaeological site located in Sand Ridge State Park 6.5 mi from Manito, Illinois. The site was occupied for the majority of the period from 500 B.C. to 1500 A.D.; cultures which have occupied the site include the Early Woodland, Havana Hopewell, and Mississippian. The site consists of a village area and two burial mounds. University of Chicago archaeologists conducted the first excavations at the site in 1932. Significant further excavations were conducted by George and Ethel Schoenbeck of the Peoria Academy of Science; the couple recovered 24,000 pottery shards from the site which represent every pottery type found in Central Illinois. The Illinois State Museum, which received all artifacts recovered by the Schoenbecks, conducted its own excavations at the site in the 1950s.

[Wikipedia: Jeff Burris] Jeffrey Lamar Burris (born June 6, 1972) is an American football coach and former professional football player who was a cornerback in the National Football League (NFL) for ten seasons. He played college football for the University of Notre Dame, and was an All-American. He was selected by the Buffalo Bills in the first round of the 1994 NFL Draft, and he played professionally for the Bills, Indianapolis Colts and Cincinnati Bengals of the NFL. Burris was the assistant defensive backs coach/defensive quality control coach for the Miami Dolphins. On October 8, 2015 Jeff Burris was promoted to assistant defensive backs coach for the Dolphins. On June 3, 2016, he was hired as a defensive analyst for his alma mater, the University of Notre Dame.

[Wikipedia: Roy Croft] Roy Croft is a poet frequently given credit for writing a poem titled "Love" and beginning "I love you not only for what you are, but for what I am when I am with you.". The poem, which is commonly used in wedding speeches and readings is quoted frequently. It was included in a 1936 anthology entitled "Best Loved Poems of American People", edited by a Hazel Felleman, and published by Doubleday (ISBN  ) and appears without further attribution in "The Family Book of Best Loved Poems", edited by David L. George and published in 1952 by Doubleday & Company, Inc., then of Garden City, New York. German translations of the poem circulate with the title "Ich liebe Dich" ("I Love You") but are (wrongly) credited to the Austrian poet Erich Fried. The translation(s) led to the speculation that the poem was just a translation of Erich Fried's work and Roy Croft was a pseudonym used by a translator who wanted to keep all royalties from publication (rather than sharing them with Fried's estate) or who simply did not want to go through the trouble of obtaining a license from a foreign entity. Taking into account that the poem was already published in 1936 (where Erich Fried was only 15) it seems very unlikely that Erich Fried could be the author.

[Wikipedia: About Time (2013 film)] About Time is a 2013 British romantic comedy-drama film about a young man with the special ability to time travel who tries to change his past in order to improve his future. The film was written and directed by Richard Curtis, and stars Domhnall Gleeson, Rachel McAdams and Bill Nighy. It was released in the United Kingdom on 4 September 2013.

[Wikipedia: Katherine Saunders] Katherine Saunders (or Katharine; later, Katherine Cooper; 1841-1894) was an English novelist of the Victorian era. She flourished during the 1870s and the following decade, publishing fiction. The eldest daughter of the writer John Saunders, she had 11 siblings. "Martin Pole" (1863), was co-written with her father. Saunders married the Rev. Richard Cooper in 1876.

[Wikipedia: Midget Tossing] Midget Tossing is the debut album by American rock band Yellowcard, released in 1997 by Takeover Records. It was recorded in Jacksonville Beach, Florida, at the Music Factory by Michael Ray FitzGerald. Ryan Key and Sean Mackin were not yet members of the group but made guest appearances, on background vocals and violin respectively (Key at that time was front man for Jacksonville punk band Modern Amusement). The songs "Sue" and "Uphill Both Ways" were re-recorded and put onto Yellowcard's following album, "Where We Stand". "The Longest Time" was originally written by Billy Joel. After signing a distribution deal with Caroline Distribution, the album was reissued in June 2005.

[Wikipedia: Mubarak Khwaja] Mubarak Khwaja (Kazakh: Мүбәрәк Қожа ) was the khan of White Horde between 1320-1344. He succeeded his brother, Ilbasan, with the assistance of Uzbeg, Khan of the Golden Horde and the House of Batu. However, he declared his independence from Sarai. The Khan sent his son Tini Beg to overthrow him. Thus, he was replaced by Chimtay, son of Ilbasan. He may have lived longer after his dethronement, occupying some lands.

[Wikipedia: Stephen Halbrook] Stephen P. Halbrook is a Senior Fellow at the Independent Institute and an author and lawyer known for his litigation on behalf of the National Rifle Association. He has written extensively about the original meanings of the Second Amendment and the Fourteenth Amendment (the latter as applied to Second Amendment rights). He has argued and won three cases before the US Supreme Court: "Printz v. United States", "United States v. Thompson-Center Arms Company", and "Castillo v. United States". He has also written briefs in many other cases, including the Supreme Court cases "Small v. United States" (pertaining to the Gun Control Act of 1968) and "McDonald v. Chicago". In "District of Columbia v. Heller", he wrote a brief on behalf of the majority of both houses of Congress. More broadly, his decades of research on the Second Amendment contributed to the intellectual foundation of the "Heller" decision. He has written many books and articles on the topic of gun control, some of which have been cited in Supreme Court opinions ("Heller", "McDonald", "Printz v. United States"). He has testified before congress on multiple occasions. Halbrook’s most important scholarly contribution, however, was the book "That Every Man Be Armed", originally published in 1986. The book was the most thorough analysis of the legal history and original intent of the Second Amendment.

[Wikipedia: Ercüment Aslan] A member of the Turkey national boxing team since 1988, Ercument’s amateur career record was 175-25. Highlights include being the Junior world amateur champion in Istanbul in 1994, 3rd at the 1997 World Amateur Boxing Championships in Budapest in 1997 and 2nd at the 1998 European Amateur Boxing Championships. Unfortunately an injury at the World Amateur Championships in Houston in 1999 caused him to miss out on selection for the 2000 Olympic Games. He had a successful professional career with 8 wins and 2 losses.

[Wikipedia: National symbols of Serbia] The national symbols of Serbia are things which are emblematic, representative or otherwise characteristic of Serbia and the Serbian people or Serbian culture. Some are established, official symbols; for example, the Coat of arms of Serbia, which has been codified in heraldry. Other symbols may not have official status, for one reason or another, but are likewise recognised at a national or international level.

[Wikipedia: Montana Highway 87] Montana Highway 87 (MT 87) is a primary state highway located in the southwestern region of the U.S. state of Montana. The highway travels through mainly rural areas in Raynolds Pass, from the Montana–Idaho state line to an intersection with U.S. Route 287 (US 287). The route travels through a portion of Gallatin National Forest. In 1922, a road in the location of MT 87 was added to the highway system, and a few years later the road was designated as portions of two early auto trails. In 1959, the route was rapidly improved due to the collapse of US 287 nearby. During 1967, much of the highway was reconstructed along its current location.

[Wikipedia: Japanese marine paratroopers of World War II] The Imperial Japanese Navy fielded naval paratroopers during World War II. The troops were officially part of the Special Naval Landing Forces (SNLF or "Rikusentai"). They came from the 1st, 2nd and 3rd Yokosuka SNLFs. The 2nd Yokosuka took no part in any airborne operations and became an island defensive base unit. They were under the operational control of the Imperial Japanese Navy Air Service (IJNAS or "Dai-Nippon Teikoku Kaigun Koku Hombu"). "Rikusentai" paratroopers should not be confused with the Imperial Japanese Army paratroopers, known as "Teishin".

[Wikipedia: Breed group (dog)] A breed group is a categorization of related breeds of animal by an overseer organization, used to organize the showing of animals. In dogs, kennel clubs define the "Breed Groups" and decide which dog breeds are to be included in each breed group. The Fédération Cynologique Internationale breed groups are used to organize dogs for international competition. Breed groups often have the names of, and are loosely based on, ancestral dog types of modern dog breeds.

[Wikipedia: You Fell Victim to a Fateful Struggle] You Fell Victim (Russian: "Вы жертвою пали"; "Vy zhertvoiu pali"), or You Fell Victim to a Fateful Struggle, is a Russian Marxist and revolutionary funeral march. It acted as the funeral dirge of the Russian revolutionary movement, among them the Bolsheviks.

[Wikipedia: Orascom Development] Orascom Development Holding AG is a holding company that develops hotels, offers real estate, infrastructure, leisure services, and builds and operates vacation resorts. It is headed by Samih Sawiris. The company operates hotels throughout Egypt, Jordan, and the United Arab Emirates though Orascom Hotels and Development, its principal operating subsidiary. Orascom Development Holding AG is incorporated in Altdorf, Switzerland, and is listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange, its principal stock market. In 2006, Sawiris announced that he intended to invest $500 million in Andermatt, Switzerland.

[Wikipedia: Rock 'n Soul Part 1] Rock 'n Soul Part 1 (also titled Greatest Hits – Rock 'n Soul Part 1) is a greatest hits album by American musical duo Hall & Oates, credited as "Daryl Hall John Oates" on the album cover. Released by RCA Records in October 1983, the album featured mostly hit singles recorded by the duo and released by RCA, along with one single from the duo's period with Atlantic Records and two previously unreleased songs recorded earlier in the year: "Say It Isn't So" and "Adult Education".

[Wikipedia: One Star Hotel] One Star Hotel was a Philadelphia-based rock band fronted by singer-songwriter Steve Yutzy-Burkey. The band also included Daryl Hirsch, Alec Meltzer, and Rick Sieber. Steel guitarist Mike "Slo Mo" Brenner contributed to the band's recordings, an arrangement and sonic result similar to Bruce Kaphan's work with American Music Club. In a city best known for its soul and R & B artists, One Star Hotel stood out because of a sound more reminiscent of alternative country or Americana music.

[Wikipedia: Jim Westwood] Jim Westwood was the chief engineer at Sinclair Research Ltd in the 1980s, starting at the company in 1963. Westwood was the technical mastermind behind many of Sinclair's products and worked there for more than twenty years. Sir Clive Sinclair and Westwood shared a connection even before they met when Westwood had previously worked at an electronics store in London which was owned by Bernard Babani, Sinclair's publisher. This gave Westwood a good degree of familiarity with Sinclair's designs, which prompted him to join Sinclair's fledgling company, Sinclair Radionics. Westwood subsequently had a hand in most of the company's products, including the calculators, audio equipment, ZX Spectrum computers and TV80. He is still designing hardware for Amino Communications, and is a partner in Cambridge Electronics Consultancy.

[Wikipedia: Taboo Tuesday (2004)] Taboo Tuesday (2004) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) and presented by AT&T which took place on October 19, 2004 at the Bradley Center in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. It was the first annual Taboo Tuesday event, marking the first time in which the fans were given the chance to vote on stipulations for the matches. The voting for the event started on October 18, 2004 and ended during the event. Eight professional wrestling matches were featured on the event's card. The buildup to the matches and the scenarios that took place before, during, and after the event were planned by WWE's script writers. The event starred wrestlers from the Raw brand: a storyline expansion of the promotion where employees are assigned to a wrestling brand under the WWE banner.

[Wikipedia: Grand Sky] Grand Sky is an UAS (unmanned aerial systems)-specific business and aviation park located at Grand Forks Air Force Base near Grand Forks, North Dakota. A groundbreaking for the development was held in September 2015, making it the first UAS business and aviation park in the U.S. The park consists of 217 acres and includes access to the Grand Forks Air Force Base runway for large UAS flights.

[Wikipedia: Gates v. Collier] Gates v. Collier, 501 F.2d 1291 (5th Cir. 1974), was a landmark case decided in U.S. federal court that brought an end to the Trusty system and the flagrant inmate abuse that accompanied it at Mississippi State Penitentiary (Parchman) in Sunflower County, Mississippi. It was the first case in a body of law developed in the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals holding that a variety of forms of corporal punishment against prisoners constituted cruel and unusual punishment and a violation of Eighth Amendment rights. This case was also the first broad-scale intervention by a court in the supervision of prison practices.

[Wikipedia: Allophone (Quebec)] In Quebec, an allophone is a resident, usually an immigrant, whose mother tongue or home language is neither French nor English. The term can also be sometimes used in other parts of Canada. The term parallels "Anglophone" (English-speaker), and "Francophone", which designate people whose mother tongues are English and French, respectively. Native speakers of aboriginal languages are generally not treated as allophones.

[Wikipedia: Lezlie Deane] Lezlie Deane (born June 1, 1964) is an American singer, musician, rollerderby athlete, and actress who has starred in film, made television appearances and has toured the world as a rock musician. She was once best known for her roles in horror films including "976-EVIL", "Girlfriend from Hell" (1989), and the hit horror movie "" (1991) in the role of Tracy, and also her association with the controversial Dance-Pop band, Fem2Fem; however, her current band Scary Cherry and the Bang Bangs has created quite a buzz in the Glam Punk, #Glitterpunk, Glitter Rock Revival and Rock world where they have achieved cult status as well as winning an Independent Music Award (Vox Populi “voice of the people”) for best rock song "Don't Wanna".

[Wikipedia: Yesca (youth organization)] Yesca is a Castilian nationalist and anticapitalist youth organization in Castille. It's recognized by Castilian Left as its youth referent. Yesca defends the right of self-determination of Castile, a nation that would be integrated by the current Spanish autonomies of Castilla y León, Castilla-La Mancha, Madrid, Cantabria, La Rioja and the area of Requena-Utiel in the Valencian Country.

[Wikipedia: Crystal Hot Sauce] Crystal Hot Sauce is a brand of Louisiana-style hot sauce produced by family-owned Baumer Foods since 1923. 3 e6USgal of Crystal Hot Sauce are shipped per year to 75 countries. The sauce is reddish orange with a medium heat and a milder, brighter flavor than Tabasco sauce.

[Wikipedia: Nicolás Lúcar] Nicolás Lúcar de la Portilla has been a Peruvian journalist since the 1980s. In 1991 he started his first investigative news program in America Televisión called ""La revista dominical"" roughly translated in English as ""The Sunday report"", it featured almost the same format as used in the long-running CBS News Sunday newsmagazine 60 Minutes. The show at the time was considered one of the most outstanding newsprograms, and it used to be on the top of the ratings during almost all the 1990s. The program lasted until 1999 when low ratings pushed America Televisión executives to mark the end of the show.

[Wikipedia: Trace Cyrus] Trace Dempsey Cyrus (born Neil Timothy Helson; February 24, 1989) is an American musician. The son of country singer Billy Ray Cyrus and brother of recording artist Miley Cyrus, he is the backing vocalist and bassist of the band Metro Station. He left the band in 2010 but returned in 2014. In 2010, he began providing vocals and guitar in the pop rock band Ashland HIGH. He also owns the clothing company From Backseats to Bedrooms.

[Wikipedia: Piz Nuna] Piz Nuna is a mountain in the Sesvenna Range of the Alps, located northeast of Zernez in the canton of Graubünden. Its summit (3,124 m) is the tripoint between the valley of Val Nuna, Val Sampuoir and Val Laschadura.

[Wikipedia: Adam Kinzinger] Adam Daniel Kinzinger (born February 27, 1978) is the U.S. Representative for Illinois 's 16 congressional district . He is a member of the Republican Party. He was first elected to Congress in 2010, winning election to represent Illinois's 11th congressional district. After redistricting, he was re-elected to Congress in 2012, 2014, and 2016 to represent Illinois's 16th congressional district.

[Wikipedia: The Right of the Unborn] The Right of the Unborn (German: Das Recht der Ungeborenen) is a 1929 German silent drama film directed by Adolf Trotz and starring Maly Delschaft, Elizza La Porta and Hans Adalbert Schlettow. The film is in the Weimar tradition of Enlightenment films. It examines the question of abortion of unborn children. Unlike several other German films of the era, it is generally anti-abortion. The film's art direction is by Hans Jacoby.

[Wikipedia: Meuse-Argonne American Cemetery and Memorial] The Meuse-Argonne American Cemetery and Memorial is a 130.5 acre World War I cemetery in France. It is located east of the village of Romagne-sous-Montfaucon in Meuse. The cemetery contains the largest number of American military dead in Europe (14,246), most of whom lost their lives during the Meuse-Argonne Offensive and were buried there. The cemetery consists of eight sections behind a large central reflection pool. Beyond the grave sections is a chapel which is decorated with stained glass windows depicting American units' insignias. Along the walls of the chapel area are the tablets of the missing which include the names of those soldiers who fought in the region and in northern Russia, but have no known grave. It also includes the Montfaucon American Monument. This cemetery is maintained by the American Battle Monuments Commission. It is open daily to the public from 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. The cemetery is closed January 1 and December 25, but is open on all other holidays.

[Wikipedia: John Roger Kirkpatrick Scott] John Roger Kirkpatrick Scott (July 6, 1873 – December 9, 1945) was a Republican member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania.

[Wikipedia: Berber orthography] Berber orthography is the writing system(s) used to transcribe the Berber languages. In antiquity, the Libyco-Berber script (Tifinagh) was utilized to write Berber. Early uses of the script have been found on rock art and in various sepulchres. Following the spread of Islam, some Berber scholars also utilized the Arabic script. There are now three writing systems in use for Berber languages: Tifinagh (Libyco-Berber), the Arabic script, and the Berber Latin alphabet. Different groups in North Africa have different preferences of writing system, often motivated by ideology and politics.

[Wikipedia: Lambic] Lambic is a type of beer brewed in the Pajottenland region of Belgium southwest of Brussels and in Brussels itself at the Cantillon Brewery. Lambic beers include gueuze and kriek lambic. Lambic differs from most other beers in that it is fermented through exposure to wild yeasts and bacteria native to the Zenne valley, as opposed to exposure to carefully cultivated strains of brewer's yeast. This process gives the beer its distinctive flavour: dry, vinous, and cidery, usually with a sour aftertaste.

[Wikipedia: Ana Corradi] Ana María Corradi de Beltrán (born 25 April 1962 in La Banda, Santiago del Estero) is an Argentine politician. Elected for the Viable Santiago Movement, she sits in the Argentine Senate representing Santiago del Estero Province in the majority block of the Front for Victory.

[Wikipedia: CatEye] CatEye Co., Ltd. (株式会社キャットアイ , Kabushiki-gaisha Kyattoai ) , better known by its brand name CatEye, is a Japanese company. It is a manufacturer of cycle computers, lights, reflectors, toe clips, bottle cages and other accessories which sell worldwide. The company was founded in 1954 in Osaka, Japan and developed the first flashing bicycle light in 1964, and other innovations that it first introduced into the marketplace include flashing LED headlamps. It released its first cycle computer in 1981.

[Wikipedia: EMLL 44th Anniversary Show (2)] Mexican professional wrestling promotion Empresa Mexicana de Lucha Libre (EMLL) celebrated their 44th anniversary with two professional wrestling major shows centering on the anniversary date in mid to late September. The second EMLL 44th Anniversary Show took place on September 30, 1977, in Arena México, Mexico City, Mexico to commemorate the anniversary of EMLL, which over time became the oldest professional wrestling promotion in the world. The Anniversary show is EMLL's biggest show of the year.

[Wikipedia: Statross le Magnifique] Statross le Magnifique is a 2006 film by director Rémi Lange featuring actor Jann Halexander.

[Wikipedia: Gary Anthony Williams] Gary Anthony Williams (born March 14, 1966) is an American actor and comedian who provided the voice of Uncle Ruckus on "The Boondocks", Yancy Westridge in the video game "Alpha Protocol", and Horace Warfield in "". He appeared on the television series "Weeds", "Boston Legal", "Blue Collar TV", and as "Abe" Kenarban in "Malcolm in the Middle". Williams co-founded and is Artistic Director of the L.A. Comedy Shorts film festival in Hollywood, California. He also starred alongside Cedric the Entertainer on the hit TV Land sitcom "The Soul Man". Williams is currently a regular on "Whose Line is it Anyway?".

[Wikipedia: One Day in History] One Day in History was a single-day initiative by several UK heritage organisations that aimed to provide a historical record of the everyday life of the British public in the early 21st century. Described as the "world's biggest blog", it encouraged UK citizens to write diary entries of 100–650 words of what they had done on 17 October 2006, and then upload them to the official website of the initiative. The project formed a part of , a history campaign led by several UK heritage organisations. Submissions were received until 1 November, and 46,000 entries were uploaded in this time, many of which were from students and celebrities. After being available to view on the History Matters website, the archive of the diary entries was moved to the UK Web Archive at the British Library and the library of the University of Sussex. The campaign received mixed reviews, with Institute of Historical Research's David Cannadine and "The Guardian"'s Dave Hill speaking positively of it, whereas journalist John Plunkett termed it to be a "historical record of people with computers".

[Wikipedia: Tellison] Tellison is a four-piece indie rock band from London, England, formed in 2000. The band consists of lead vocalist and guitarist Stephen Davidson, guitarist and vocalist Peter Phillips, bass guitarist and vocalist Andrew Tickell and drummer Henry Danowski.

[Wikipedia: Elmira Hüseynova] Elmira Hüseynova (12 February 1933 – 23 January 1995) was an Azerbaijani sculptor and portrait painter, who has exhibits in various locations throughout the world and was honored as an Honored Artist of Azerbaijan.

[Wikipedia: Arkham Asylum – Shock Therapy] Arkham Asylum – Shock Therapy is a Vekoma SLC roller coaster located at Warner Bros. Movie World in Gold Coast, Queensland, Australia. When the ride was introduced in 1995, it was themed to the Lethal Weapon film series and was named Lethal Weapon – The Ride. In 2012, the ride was rethemed to and renamed Arkham Asylum – Shock Therapy. The ride was the first steel inverted roller coaster at an Australian theme park.

[Wikipedia: Grigory Margulis] Gregori Aleksandrovich Margulis (Russian: Григо́рий Алекса́ндрович Маргу́лис , first name often given as Gregory, Grigori or Grigory; born February 24, 1946) is a Russian-American mathematician known for his work on lattices in Lie groups, and the introduction of methods from ergodic theory into diophantine approximation. He was awarded a Fields Medal in 1978 and a Wolf Prize in Mathematics in 2005, becoming the seventh mathematician to receive both prizes. In 1991, he joined the faculty of Yale University, where he is currently the Erastus L. De Forest Professor of Mathematics.

[Wikipedia: Out of Place] Out of Place is a surfing documentary directed by Scott Ditzenberger and Darrin McDonald that follows the lives of several lake surfers in Cleveland, Ohio. While Lake Erie does not offer the quality of waves they would prefer, business commitments, family, and friends keep them from moving. As the best waves occur in the winter, the surfers often experience freezing conditions including during a snow bound Great Lakes Eastern Surfing Association competition featured in the film.

[Wikipedia: Paul Pryor] John Paul Pryor (July 10, 1927 – December 15, 1995) was a professional baseball umpire who worked in the National League from 1961 to 1981. Pryor wore uniform number 13 for most of his career. Pryor umpired 3,094 major league games in his 21-year career. He umpired in three World Series (1967, 1973 and 1980), four League Championship Series (1970, 1974, 1977 and 1981) and three All-Star Games (1963, 1971 and 1978).

[Wikipedia: Stripped (tour)] Stripped is the title of a stand-up comedy tour by Eddie Izzard, and is a continuation of his style of comedy, full of "stream-of-conscious banter and predilection for nonsensical detours and frequent tangents." The tour was performed from 28 April to 9 August 2008 with three "warm-up" dates. It has been called "not only hilarious but quite remarkable." As for the name of the tour, Izzard says he called it "Stripped" because"The heels got too high on the last two tours. Now I've just gone back to blokey mode, so I've got all this movement back which I couldn't do before. The set is leaner, what I'm wearing is leaner and just focusing on what I'm talking about. I keep talking about God and I come to all these different conclusions. I'm talking about the whole civilization, trying to strip that back, as well. The last 5,000 years we did everything. I put out my idea what we're doing here. I think it's all random. If there is a God, his plan is very similar to someone not having a plan."

[Wikipedia: Colby Keller] Colby Keller (born October 18, 1980) is an American visual artist, blogger, and pornographic film actor. His career in porn film started in 2004 at Sean Cody and has since expanded to include such studios as Cocksure Men, Randy Blue, Titan Men, Falcon, CockyBoys and Men.com. Keller has amassed a large fan base with both his films and his long-standing blog, "The Big Shoe Diaries". He has been nominated for a number of awards and in 2013, World of Wonder awarded him the WOWie Award for Best Blog. Keller is nominated for 8 2015 Grabby Awards. Keller has also appeared in the short, Zolushka, a queer retelling of Cinderella and the popular series Capitol Hill both by the cult filmmaker Wes Hurley.

[Wikipedia: Lawton–Fort Sill Regional Airport] Lawton–Fort Sill Regional Airport (IATA: LAW, ICAO: KLAW, FAA LID: LAW) is a city owned airport two miles south of Lawton, in Comanche County, Oklahoma. It is used for military aviation from nearby Fort Sill and Sheppard Air Force Base and is served by American Eagle. Allegiant Air runs occasional charters to various destinations in the western United States.

[Wikipedia: Gregory Raposo] Gregory Frank "Greg" Raposo (born May 3, 1985) is an American rock'n'roll singer and actor. Raposo initially came to fame in the early 2000s as a member of the boy band Dream Street, but has subsequently branched out into a solo career as a rock singer. His self-titled debut solo album "Greg Raposo" was released in 2003 and charted at #40 in its opening week; 2012 release "Loss Love Life" was released independently and did not chart.

[Wikipedia: Anatomy (film)] Anatomy (German: "Anatomie" ) is a 2000 German horror film written and directed by Stefan Ruzowitzky that stars Franka Potente. A sequel, "Anatomy 2" ("Anatomie 2") was released in 2003. The film was a box-office success in Germany, and Columbia Pictures released the film's English-dubbed version in the United States theatrically.

[Wikipedia: Shine a Light (film)] Shine a Light is a 2008 American biography drama film directed by Martin Scorsese documenting The Rolling Stones' 2006 Beacon Theatre performances on their A Bigger Bang Tour. The film also includes archive footage from the band's career and marked the first utilisation by Scorsese of digital cinematography for his films, with it being used for the backstage sequences. The film takes its title from the song of the same name, featured on the band's 1972 album "Exile on Main St." A soundtrack album was released in April 2008 on the Universal label. This is also the last movie by Paramount Classics, as the company merged into its sister company Paramount Vantage after the movie was released.

[Wikipedia: The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh] The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh is a 1977 American animated film produced by Walt Disney Productions and distributed by Buena Vista Distribution. It is the 22nd Disney animated feature film and was first released on March 11, 1977 on a double bill with "The Littlest Horse Thieves".

[Wikipedia: Obsession (board game)] Obsession is a board game released in 1977 for two players in which the player wins by moving their ten rings along numbered slots. They must get all ten rings into the "safety zone" before their opponent. Each player rolls a pair of dice, and can choose either to move their own rings up, or their opponent's rings down.

[Wikipedia: Camile Velasco] Ciara-Camile "Camile" Roque Velasco (born September 1, 1985) known by her stage name Eli-Mac is a Filipino American singer and came in ninth place on the third season of the reality/talent-search television series, American Idol. She is one-quarter Irish, one-quarter Spanish, and half Filipino.

[Wikipedia: Black Widow (paint mix)] Black Widow (paint mix) (also Black Widow US and Black Widow EU) is a non-commercial open source project, led by mechman (US), wbassett (US) and custard10 (EU), to create paint mix for DIY (do it yourself) projection screens from easily accessible materials all over US and EU, which could outperform some commercial projection screens.

[Wikipedia: R.R. Virdi] R.R. Virdi (born February 9, 1990) is an American author best known for his urban fantasy series "The Grave Report" and "The Books of Winter". In 2016, the second novel of "The Grave Report" series, "Grave Measures", was nominated for a Dragon Award in Best Fantasy (Paranormal) Novel. In 2017, the first novel of "The Books of Winter" series, "Dangerous Ways" was also nominated for a Dragon Award in the same category.

[Wikipedia: G. W. Stonier] George Walter Stonier or "GW Stonier" (1903 – 1985) was an English critic, novelist and radio playwright, and a literary editor of the "New Statesman". He was an adapter of Gustave Flaubert's "Bouvard et Pécuchet", and his radio plays included "Ophelia", "The Shadow Across the Page", "The House Opposite" and "Chap in a Bowler Hat". He was a contributor to "The Observer", "The Daily Telegraph", literary journals and "Sight & Sound". He was also author of the well-regarded novella "Memoirs of a Ghost". He was the first to translate Jules Renard's classic tale of an unloved child, "Poil de Carotte" into English. It was published (as "Carrots") in 1946 by the Grey Walls Press in an edition illustrated by Fred Uhlman.

[Wikipedia: The Housemaid (1960 film)] The Housemaid (하녀, "Hanyeo") is a 1960 black-and-white South Korean film. It was directed by Kim Ki-young and starred Lee Eun-shim, Ju Jeung-nyeo and Kim Jin-kyu. It has been described in Koreanfilm.org as a "consensus pick as one of the top three Korean films of all time". This was the first film in Kim's "Housemaid" trilogy followed by "Woman of Fire". The film was remade in 2010 by director Im Sang-soo.

[Wikipedia: JSS Science and Technology University] JSS Science and Technology University or Jagadguru Sri Shivarathreeshwara Science and Technology University - formerly Sri Jayachamarajendra College of Engineering (often shortened to SJCE), is a government aided technical co-educational college located in Mysore, Karnataka, India. Established in 1963, SJCE has 12 departments in engineering, a Master of Computer Applications department. It was affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University, Belgaum, but now it's a part of JSS Science and Technology University from 2016 - 2017 academic year. The undergraduate courses were granted academic autonomy by Visvesvaraya Technological University. SJCE is accredited by the All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE), all its departments are accredited by the National Board of Accreditation (NBA). It was founded and is managed by the JSS Mahavidyapeetha.

[Wikipedia: 2002–03 Creighton Bluejays men's basketball team] The 2002–03 Creighton Bluejays men's basketball team represented Creighton University during the 2002–03 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Bluejays, led by head coach Dana Altman, played their home games at the Omaha Civic Auditorium. They finished with a school best 29-5 record. The Creighton Bluejays finished 2nd in the Missouri Valley Conference and won the conference tournament earning a bid to the 2003 NCAA Tournament. The team featured All-American and repeat Missouri Valley Player of the Year Kyle Korver. Korver's sharpshooting earned him national accolades including Dick Vitale's National Mid-Season Player of the Year. Kyle Korver set the Creighton record for most three pointers made in a game against Evansville with nine.

[Wikipedia: Malone University] Malone University is a private, liberal arts college located in Canton, Ohio, United States. It was founded in 1892 by Walter and Emma Malone as a small, co-educational Bible institute called Cleveland Bible College. In Cleveland, Ohio. The institution has always maintained a close relationship with the Religious Society of Friends (Quakerism).

[Wikipedia: Excuse My Glove] Excuse My Glove is a 1936 British, black-and-white comedy sports film directed by Redd Davis starring Ronald Shiner as Perky Pat, and Bobbie Comber as Bivex. It was produced by Alexander Film Productions.

[Wikipedia: Stealing Share] Stealing Share is an American branding company founded by brand strategist Tom Dougherty in 2001. Its brand consultants have been sources in mainstream media, including The New York Times and CNN. It has also been a critic of branding for quick service restaurants, commenting on Bojangles, Domino's and developing the brand pillars for Biscuitville as well being critical of the airline industry. Its strategists have also been speakers on new areas of branding, such as for universities.

[Wikipedia: Pasek and Paul] Benj Pasek and Justin Paul, known together as Pasek and Paul, are an American songwriting duo and composing team for musical theater, films, and television. Their works include "", "Dogfight", "Edges", "Dear Evan Hansen", and "James and the Giant Peach". Their original songs have been featured on NBC's "Smash", and in the film "La La Land", for which they won both the Golden Globe and Academy Award for Best Original Song for the song "City of Stars".

[Wikipedia: Melissa Rauch] Melissa Ivy Rauch (born June 23, 1980) is an American actress and comedian. She is known for playing Dr. Bernadette Rostenkowski-Wolowitz on the CBS sitcom "The Big Bang Theory".

[Wikipedia: Detroit Grand Pubahs] The Detroit Grand Pubahs are an American musical group from Detroit, Michigan, comprising Paris the Black Fu (real name Mack Goudy, Jr.) and The Mysterious Mr O. (real name Oliver Way). One of the founding members, Dr. Toefinger (real name Andy Toth), left in 2004. They are best known for their 2000 single "Sandwiches", which reached number 29 in the Hot Dance Club Songs chart.

[Wikipedia: Seacroft, Lincolnshire] Seacroft is a linear settlement in the East Lindsey district of Lincolnshire, England. It lies at the south of, and is conjoined to, Skegness , and comprises the less than half-mile long residential road, Seacroft Esplanade, and a golf course at its south. Farther south is Gibraltar Point nature reserve.

[Wikipedia: William Herbert Shipman] William Herbert Shipman (1854–1943) was a wealthy businessman on the island of Hawaii. One estate of his family was used to preserve an endangered species of Hawaiian goose. A historic house associated with his family for over a hundred years is called the W. H. Shipman House in Hilo, Hawaii. Another of his historic estates called the Ainahou Ranch, built in 1941 as a refuge from World War II, is preserved within Hawaii Volcanoes National Park.

[Wikipedia: Start All Over] "Start All Over" is a song performed by American recording artist Miley Cyrus. It was released as the second and final single of Cyrus' debut album "Meet Miley Cyrus", the second disc of the dual album "". A live version is available on "Hannah Montana & Miley Cyrus: Best of Both Worlds Concert" and as a karaoke in Cyrus's . The song was originally written by Fefe Dobson, who passed the song to Cyrus, as she did not desire to include it on "Sunday Love". The up-tempo song is lyrically about having a second chance in a romantic relationship.

[Wikipedia: Johnny Mowlem] Johnny Mowlem (born 12 February 1969) is a professional British racing driver. Mowlem is considered to be among the world's elite sports car drivers, having competed in every class of world championship sports car racing. He is the 2013 European Le Mans Series GT champion, having previously won the British Porsche Cup championship in 1996 and 1997. He has class victories in both the 24 Hours of Daytona and the 12 Hours of Sebring, and has earned podiums at virtually all of the world's major sports car races, including the Le Mans 24 hours and the 1000 km Nürburgring. He has also achieved overall podium finishes at the Daytona 24 hours as well as at the famous 10-hour Petit Le Mans race in the USA. Mowlem began his career in single seaters racing up to Formula 3 level and got his big break when he was chosen personally by triple Formula One World Champion Jackie Stewart to join his "staircase of "talent" team in the junior single seater formula, alongside drivers of the calibre of Dario Franchitti, Allan McNish and Gil de Ferran. He switched to sportscars in 1996, winning the Class 1 championship of the British Porsche Cup and then gained international recognition the following year when he won all 17 races of the British Porsche Cup to become British champion. This launched his professional career in World Sportscars. Later in his career he gained further international attention for his work as a driver of the hybrid-powered Ginetta Zytek prototype racer in the ALMS in 2008 and 2009. In 2010, Mowlem was a Lotus Racing factory driver, driving the American Le Mans Series (ALMS) and in the International GT Open Series for sports cars in Europe. His latest driving championship came in the European Le Mans Series in 2013. Mowlem raced in the ALMS series every year that sanctioning body held races. Mowlem also operates his own driving academy, working with both corporate clients and drivers wishing for a career in racing.

[Wikipedia: North Bend (community), Wisconsin] North Bend is an unincorporated community located in the town of North Bend, Jackson County, Wisconsin, United States. North Bend is located on the Black River and Wisconsin Highway 54 6.7 mi west-southwest of Melrose.

[Wikipedia: L'Orignal, Ontario] L'Orignal is a village and former municipality, now part of Champlain Township in eastern Ontario, Canada. It likely took its name from its location on the Ottawa River once known as Pointe à l'Orignal (French for "Moose Point"), where moose crossed the river.

[Wikipedia: Bjarkøy Fixed Link] The Bjarkøy Fixed Link (Norwegian: "Bjarkøyforbindelsen" ) is a proposed fixed link which will connect the three islands of Bjarkøya, Sandsøya, and Grytøya in the municipality of Harstad in Troms county, Norway. Grytøya and Bjarkøya will be connected by a subsea road tunnel and a bridge will connect Grytøya and Sandsøya. The tunnel to Bjarkøya will be 3.25 km long. The bridge to Grytøya would be 300 m long plus a 900 m long causeway. The project also includes 3 km of road on Grytøya to connect the existing roads to the new undersea tunnel. The Bjarkøy Tunnel will be part of Norwegian County Road 867, while the Sandsøya Bridge will be part of Norwegian County Road 124.

[Wikipedia: Mother of All Saints] Mother of All Saints is the fourth album by Thinking Fellers Union Local 282, released as a CD and double-LP on November 13, 1992 through Matador Records.

[Wikipedia: Augustus Meredith Nanton] Sir Augustus Meredith Nanton (7 May 1860 – 24 April 1925) was one of the principal investors and developers of Western Canada, particularly at Winnipeg, Vancouver and Calgary. In the Canadian West, the town of Nanton, Alberta is named for him, and twelve cities and towns have streets named 'Nanton'. Committed to victory in the Great War, he gave over half of his fortune to the war effort and worked himself to an early grave supporting Canadian soldiers in Europe while maintaining Winnipeg's economy. In recognition of his war services he was knighted by George V in 1917 and made a Knight of the Order of St. John of Jerusalem. He died in office as President of The Dominion Bank in Toronto, but is most closely associated with Winnipeg, his home for over forty years and where he is buried.

[Wikipedia: My Story (R. Kelly song)] "My Story" is a single by American R&B singer R. Kelly featuring 2 Chainz, written by R. Kelly who co-produced it with Nineteen85 from OVO Sound, for his twelfth solo studio album "Black Panties". A snippet of the song was first heard at the BET Awards same year, then another a week after the award ceremony. The song was released on July 23, 2013 via R. Kelly's Vevo, and on iTunes a day later. The second snippet was not in the official song for no apparent reason, but later heard on the extended version of the song. The song debuted at #89 on the hot 100 during the week of the album's release after many weeks on the bubbling under chart. No official music video will be released, but a documentary music video has been uploaded on R. Kelly's Vevo channel and a fan video was expected, but was never released.

[Wikipedia: Triumph of the Will] Triumph of the Will (German: Triumph des Willens ) is a 1935 German propaganda film directed, produced, edited, and co-written by Leni Riefenstahl. It chronicles the 1934 Nazi Party Congress in Nuremberg, which was attended by more than 700,000 Nazi supporters. The film contains excerpts from speeches given by Nazi leaders at the Congress, including Adolf Hitler, Rudolf Hess and Julius Streicher, interspersed with footage of massed Sturmabteilung (SA) and Schutzstaffel (SS) troops and public reaction. Hitler commissioned the film and served as an unofficial executive producer; his name appears in the opening titles. The film's overriding theme is the return of Germany as a great power, with Hitler as the leader who will bring glory to the nation. Because the film was made after the 1934 Night of the Long Knives (on 30 June) many prominent Sturmabteilung (SA) members are absent—they were murdered in that Party purge, organised and orchestrated by Hitler to replace the SA with the Schutzstaffel (SS) as his main paramilitary force.

[Wikipedia: Contra Costa Water District] The Contra Costa Water District (CCWD) is an agency that was created in 1936 to supply water for consumers in eastern Contra Costa, California. It is now one of the largest water districts in California, serving about 500,000 people in Central and Eastern Contra Costa County.

[Wikipedia: Les Schwab Invitational] The Les Schwab Invitational (LSI) is Oregon's premier pre-season high school invitational basketball tournament. Prior to its founding in 1996, Oregon's high school teams had to travel out of state for quality pre-season play, denying fans connection to local teams prior to the regular season. In 1994 South Salem High School coach Barry Adams and Beaverton High School coach Nick Robertson, along with the Oregon Athletic Coaches Association, proposed a pre-season tournament to showcase the upcoming season's top teams. After two years of phone calls, lobbying and meetings the Oregon State Activities Association approved the proposition and the Oregon Holiday Invitational (renamed in 2000 The Les Schwab Invitational) was born! The tournament, since its creation, has hosted nationally ranked teams from many states including Virginia, New York, Nevada, Louisiana, Texas, Maryland and numerous top teams from California.

[Wikipedia: Battle of Verdun] The Battle of Verdun ("Bataille de Verdun", ] , "Schlacht um Verdun", ] ), fought from 21 February to 18 December 1916, was the largest and longest battle of the First World War on the Western Front between the German and French armies. The battle took place on the hills north of Verdun-sur-Meuse in north-east France. The German 5th Army attacked the defences of the Fortified Region of Verdun ("RFV, Région Fortifiée de Verdun") and those of the French Second Army on the right bank of the Meuse. Inspired by the experience of the Second Battle of Champagne in 1915, the Germans planned rapidly to capture the Meuse Heights, an excellent defensive position with good observation for the artillery to bombard Verdun. The Germans hoped that the French would commit their strategic reserve to recapture the position and suffer catastrophic losses in a battle of annihilation, not costly for the Germans because of their tactical advantage.

[Wikipedia: Matt Ricehouse] Matt Ricehouse (born March 11, 1987) is an American professional mixed martial artist who most recently competed for the Strikeforce promotion. Matt is currently a black belt in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu under Rodrigo Vaghi (a fifth degree black belt under Rickson Gracie) and trains out of St. Charles MMA in St. Charles, MO under head coach Mike Rogers.

[Wikipedia: David M. Pendergast] David Michael Pendergast, {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (born 1934) is an American Archaeologist, and is most famous for his work at Altun Ha and Lamanai, Belize. He received a Bachelor of Arts in Anthropology in 1955 from the University of California, Berkeley, and earned his Ph.D. in 1961 at the University of California, Los Angeles, studying with Clement Meighan. He was later married to Elizabeth Graham, also a Mesoamerican Archaeologist.

[Wikipedia: Mafalda von Hessen] Mafalda Margarethe Prinzessin von Hessen (born 6 July 1965), known also as Princess Mafalda of Hesse, is a German aristocrat and fashion designer. She is the eldest child of Moritz, Landgrave of Hesse and Princess Tatiana of Sayn-Wittgenstein-Berleburg.

[Wikipedia: Wan Kam Leung] Wan Kam Leung (; born 1945) is a Chinese martial artist and qigong practitioner who developed and currently teaches Practical Wing Chun in Kowloon, Hong Kong. Wan studied Wing Chun kung fu under Wong Shun Leung

[Wikipedia: Peristoreus fulvus] Peristoreus fulvus is a species of true weevil. It is endemic to New Zealand. It is associated with plants of the genus "Muehlenbeckia".

[Wikipedia: Boyne Mountain Resort] Boyne Mountain Resort is a ski resort with a collection of accommodations in Northern Michigan located near Boyne City operated by Boyne Resorts. The center piece is an upscale resort called The Mountain Grand Lodge and Spa. Boyne Mountain has continued use of the first chairlift built, originally constructed in Idaho in 1936 for use at a resort in Sun Valley, Idaho. It is also the location of Avalanche Bay, the largest indoor water park in Michigan. Boyne Mountain is the sister resort of Boyne Highlands.

[Wikipedia: Fatal Vision controversy] The controversy over Fatal Vision, journalist and author Joe McGinniss's best-selling 1983 true crime book, is a decades-long dispute spanning several court cases and discussed in several other published works.

[Wikipedia: John Nance Garner] John Nance Garner IV (November 22, 1868 – November 7, 1967), known among his contemporaries as "Cactus Jack", was an American Democratic politician and lawyer from Texas. He was the 39th Speaker of the United States House of Representatives from 1931 to 1933. He was also the 32nd Vice President of the United States, serving from 1933 to 1941. Along with Schuyler Colfax, Garner is one of two individuals to serve as Vice President of the United States and Speaker of the United States House of Representatives.

[Wikipedia: Cretan Hound] The Kritikos Lagonikos (Cretan Hound) (Greek:Kρητικός Λαγωνικός) is a hunting breed of dog from the island of Crete, in Greece. It is considered

[Wikipedia: BMW X5 (E53)] The BMW E53 is the first-generation BMW X5 mid-sized luxury crossover SUV. It was produced from 1999-2006 and was replaced by the BMW E70. The E53 was developed at a time when BMW still owned Land Rover and as such shares many components and designs with both the Land Rover Range Rover L322 model (specifically the Hill Descent System and Off Road Engine Management system) and the BMW E39 5 Series (specifically engines and electronic systems). The entire in-car entertainment system (Radio Function, Navigation System, Television and Telecommunications systems) are shared with other BMWs and L322.

[Wikipedia: BBC Films] BBC Films is the feature film-making arm of the BBC. It was founded on 18 June 1990, and has produced or co-produced some of the most successful British films of recent years, including "Truly, Madly, Deeply", "", "Quartet", "Chef", "Salmon Fishing in the Yemen", "Saving Mr. Banks", "My Week with Marilyn", "Jane Eyre," "In the Loop", "An Education", "StreetDance 3D", "Fish Tank", "Nativity!, Iris, Notes on a Scandal, Man Up, Billy Elliot and Brooklyn."

[Wikipedia: Robin Fox family] The Robin Fox family is a family with several members in the acting and related professions over a number of generations. Robin Fox (1913–1971), an actor and theatrical agent, and his wife Angela Muriel Darita Worthington, actress and daughter of the English playwright Frederick Lonsdale, had three sons: the actors James and Edward Fox, and Robert, who became a theatrical agent. Their grandchildren include the actors Emilia, Laurence, and Lydia Fox. Robin Fox was the grandson of Samson Fox (1838–1903), a British engineer, industrialist, and philanthropist.

[Wikipedia: Thomsonfly] Thomsonfly was a British airline, which had been known as Britannia Airways. Thomsonfly was the first stage of TUI AG's plans to expand its business within TUI UK prior to September 2007. After TUI UK merged with First Choice Holidays in September 2007, it became part of TUI Travel PLC. The new holiday company continued with both in-house airlines (Thomsonfly and First Choice Airways) through Winter 2007 and Summer 2008 until the two were merged on 1 November 2008 as Thomson Airways.

[Wikipedia: Gitta Sereny] Gitta Sereny, CBE (13 March 192114 June 2012) was an Austrian-British biographer, historian, and investigative journalist who came to be known for her interviews and profiles of controversial figures, including Mary Bell, who was convicted in 1968 of killing two children when she herself was a child, and Franz Stangl, the commandant of the Treblinka extermination camp.

[Wikipedia: Pablo de Rokha] Pablo de Rokha (October 17, 1895 in Licantén, Chile - December 10, 1968 in Santiago, Chile) was a Chilean poet. He won the Chilean Premio Nacional de Literatura (National Literature Prize) in 1965 and is counted among The four greats of Chilean poetry, along with Pablo Neruda, Vicente Huidobro and Gabriela Mistral. He is considered an avant-garde poet and an influential figure in the poetry scene of his country.

[Wikipedia: PlayStation Portable] The PlayStation Portable (PSP) (ᴊᴘ プレイステーション・ポータブル) is a handheld game console developed by Sony Computer Entertainment. Development of the handheld was announced during E3 2003, and it was unveiled on May 11 , 2004, at a Sony press conference before E3 2004. The system was released in Japan on December 12 , 2004, in North America on March 24 , 2005, and in the PAL region on September 1 , 2005. It primarily competed with the Nintendo DS, as part of the seventh generation of video games consoles.

[Wikipedia: Jai Samaikyandhra Party] Jai Samaikyandhra Party or JSP is a new Indian political party launched by former Chief Minister of Andhra Pradesh, Nallari Kiran Kumar Reddy. He launched the party in protest against Government of India's decision to bifurcate Andhra Pradesh through Andhra Pradesh Reorganisation Bill. Its poll plank is self-respect of Telugu people. The name of the party means "Hail United Andhra Pradesh". The party was formal launched at a public meeting in Rajahmundry on 12 March 2014, and promised rollback of Telangana state in the event of JSP winning 25 seats. Its electoral symbol is a pair of slippers. In elections the party failed to win a single seat and lost deposits in many seats.

[Wikipedia: CBS Television Workshop] CBS Television Workshop is an American anthology series which aired on CBS from January to April 1952. The series is noted for featuring early television appearances of several well known actors including Audrey Hepburn, James Dean and Grace Kelly.

[Wikipedia: Michael Standing (footballer)] Michael John Standing (born 20 March 1981) is an English former professional footballer who played as a midfielder. Since terminating his playing career, Standing has become an agent for former teammate and long-term friend Gareth Barry. He has also played part-time for his hometown club, Shoreham.

[Wikipedia: Citadel Mall] Citadel Mall, one of the largest shopping malls in the state, is a regional 1138527 sqft shopping mall located in Charleston, South Carolina, United States. It opened on July 29, 1981 and is located at the intersection of Sam Rittenberg Boulevard (SC Hwy. 7) and I-526. The mall features more than 100 stores, including six anchor stores: the area's largest Belk and Dillard's department stores, Dick's Sporting Goods, Sears and the region's first Target that was recently remodeled to include a new "Fresh Grocery" section. On September 1, 2013 the mall went into foreclosure after then owner CBL & Associates Properties defaulted on mortgage payments and it was purchased at auction by the lender in January 2014. After the auction, the mall was placed under the ownership of a holding company formed by the lender, 2070 Sam Rittenberg Boulevard Holdings LLC and as of January 2017 was under contract to be sold to an undisclosed buyer.

[Wikipedia: The Outcry] The Outcry is a novel by Henry James published in 1911. It was originally conceived as a play. James cast the material in a three-act drama in 1909, but like many of his plays, it failed to be produced. (There were two posthumous performances in 1917.) In 1911 James converted the play into a novel, which was successful with the public. "The Outcry" was the last novel he was able to complete before his death in 1916. The storyline concerns the buying up of Britain's art treasures by wealthy Americans.

[Wikipedia: Govinda Bhashya] Govinda Bhashya is a Gaudiya Vaishnava commentary on Vedanta Sutra. It was written in the year 1628 Sakabda (1718 CE) at Galtaji (Galta) near the present city of Jaipur, Rajasthan, by Baladeva Vidyabhushana to defend Gaudiya Vaishnava Theology.

[Wikipedia: Internet Infidels] Internet Infidels, Inc. is a Colorado Springs, Colorado-based nonprofit educational organization founded in 1995 by Jeffery Jay Lowder and Brett Lemoine. Its mission is to use the Internet to promote a view that supernatural forces or entities do not exist (metaphysical naturalism). Internet Infidels maintains a website of educational resources about agnosticism, atheism, freethought, humanism, secularism, and other nontheistic viewpoints particularly relevant to nonbelievers and skeptics of the paranormal. Relevant resources include rebuttals to arguments made by religious apologists and theistic philosophers, transcripts of debates between believers and nonbelievers, and responses from opponents of a naturalistic worldview. The site has been referred to by one of its critics, Christian apologist Gary Habermas, as "one of the Internet's main Web sites for skeptics" and by skeptical physicist Taner Edis as "a major Web site serving nonbelievers". Its tagline is "a drop of reason in a pool of confusion".

[Wikipedia: Jimmy Fallon] James Thomas Fallon (born September 19, 1974) is an American comedian, actor, television host, and musician. He is known for his work in television as a cast member on "Saturday Night Live" and as the host of late-night talk show "The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon". He was born in Bay Ridge, Brooklyn and raised in Saugerties, New York. He grew up with an interest in comedy and music, moving to Los Angeles at 21 to pursue stand-up opportunities.

[Wikipedia: Rave On Buddy Holly] Rave On Buddy Holly is a compilation album by various artists released on June 28, 2011, through Fantasy Records/Concord Music Group and Hear Music. A tribute album to musician Buddy Holly, who died in a plane crash in 1959 at age 22, the title refers to the song "Rave On", one of his biggest hits. Contributing artists included Paul McCartney, who owned Holly's publishing catalog at the time of the album's release, and Graham Nash, a former member of The Hollies, who were named in commemoration of Holly.

[Wikipedia: 432d Wing] The 432d Wing is a United States Air Force unit assigned to Air Combat Command, stationed at Creech Air Force Base, Nevada. The group operates unmanned reconnaissance aircraft which provide real-time reconnaissance, surveillance, and precision attack against fixed and time-critical targets. The 432d Air Expeditionary Wing is a provisional unit assigned to Air Combat Command and is the designation for components of the 432d Wing when deployed into combat areas as part of the Global War on Terror.

[Wikipedia: Veteran of the Psychic Wars] "Veteran of the Psychic Wars" is a song by the American hard rock band Blue Öyster Cult, written by Eric Bloom and British author Michael Moorcock (creator of Elric of Melniboné). The song first appeared on the album "Fire of Unknown Origin" from 1981. An extended version appears on the album "Extraterrestrial Live". It also appears on the soundtrack of the 1981 animated film "Heavy Metal".

[Wikipedia: Marine Air Control Squadron 24] Marine Air Control Squadron 24 (MACS-24) is a reserve United States Marine Corps aviation command and control squadron. The squadron provides aerial surveillance and air traffic control for the Marine Forces Reserve. They are headquartered in Virginia Beach, Virginia with an outlying detachment at Naval Air Station Joint Reserve Base Fort Worth, Texas. They fall under the command of Marine Air Control Group 48 and the 4th Marine Aircraft Wing.

[Wikipedia: Robinsons Place Manila] Robinsons Place Manila (unofficial name: Robinsons Ermita or Robinsons Place Ermita) is a shopping mall located behind the Philippine General Hospital, the campus of the University of the Philippines Manila and St. Paul University Manila in the City of Manila. It was the second and by-far, the largest Robinsons Mall ever built by John Gokongwei. It began operations in 1995 and was opened in 1997. The mall features anchors like Robinsons Supermarket, Robinsons Department Store.

[Wikipedia: New Hampshire Route 153] New Hampshire Route 153 is a 50.566 mi secondary north–south highway in Strafford and Carroll counties in eastern New Hampshire. The southern terminus is in Farmington at New Hampshire Route 11. The northern terminus is in Conway village (town of Conway) at New Hampshire Route 16 and New Hampshire Route 113.

[Wikipedia: Body of Proof (season 2)] The second season of "Body of Proof", an American television series created by Christopher Murphey, commenced airing in the United States on September 20, 2011, concluded April 10, 2012, and consisted of 20 episodes. It follows the life and career of Dr. Megan Hunt, a medical examiner, once a neurosurgeon, who now works in Philadelphia's Medical Examiner's office after a car accident ended her neurosurgery career. Along with Hunt solving homicide cases are her colleagues, Nicholas Bishop as Peter Dunlop, Jeri Ryan as Dr. Kate Murphy, John Carroll Lynch and Sonja Sohn as Detective's Bud Morris and Samantha Baker and fellow medical examiners, Geoffrey Arend as Dr. Ethan Gross and Windell Middlebrooks as Dr. Curtis Brumfield. Mary Mouser who plays Megan's daughter Lacey was promoted to "regular" from "recurring" status from season 1. Jeffrey Nordling who plays Megan's ex-husband Todd, Joanna Cassidy who plays her mother Joan and Eric Sheffer Stevens who plays Bill Parkson all reprise their roles, whilst Cliff Curtis, Nathalie Kelley and Jamie Bamber join the show, all of which appear on a "recurring" basis.

[Wikipedia: SpiceJet] SpiceJet is a low-cost airline headquartered in Gurugram, India. It is the third largest airline in the country by number of domestic passengers carried, with a market share of 14.2% as of July 2017. The airline operates 312 daily flights to 55 destinations, including 45 Indian and 10 international destinations from its hubs at Delhi, Kolkata and Hyderabad.

[Wikipedia: Philip Henry Ward Jr.] Philip Henry Ward Jr. (November 26, 1886 – August 23, 1963), of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, was a stamp dealer who created and sold collections of rare postage stamps, and was noted for his stressing the importance of first day covers of United States stamps.

[Wikipedia: Kelewan] Kelewan is one of the fictional worlds described by Raymond E. Feist and Janny Wurts. Kelewan was first described in his novel "Magician" though it is not described in any detail before the "Empire Trilogy".

[Wikipedia: Who? Who? ministry] Edward Smith-Stanley, 14th Earl of Derby led the "Who? Who?" ministry, a short-lived British Conservative government which was in power for a matter of months in 1852. Lord Derby was Prime Minister and Benjamin Disraeli served as Chancellor of the Exchequer. It marked the first time the protectionist wing of the Conservative Party had taken office since the Corn Laws schism of 1846. Derby's first ministry lasted from February to July 1852 and his second from July to December 1852.

[Wikipedia: Put It Down (South Park)] "Put It Down" is the second episode in the twenty-first season of the American animated television series "South Park". The 279th episode of the series overall, it first aired on Comedy Central in the United States on September 20, 2017.

[Wikipedia: Kevin Trainor] Kevin Trainor is an Irish actor from Kilkeel, County Down, Northern Ireland. He attended St Colman's College in Newry before attending Emmanuel College, Cambridge, where he read English. After Cambridge, Trainor trained at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art from 2001 to 2004 (making an early cameo appearance in the 2001 film "The Hole") and appeared in the 2005 Royal Shakespeare Company season.

[Wikipedia: A¹ homotopy theory] In algebraic geometry and algebraic topology, a branch of mathematics, A homotopy theory is a way to apply the techniques of algebraic topology, specifically homotopy, to algebraic varieties and, more generally, to schemes. The theory is due to Fabien Morel and Vladimir Voevodsky. The underlying idea is that it should be possible to develop a purely algebraic approach to homotopy theory by replacing the unit interval [0, 1] , which is not an algebraic variety, with the affine line A , which is. The theory requires a substantial amount of technique to set up, but has spectacular applications such as Voevodsky's construction of the derived category of mixed motives and the proof of the Milnor and Bloch-Kato conjectures.

[Wikipedia: Walloon church] A Walloon church (French: "Église Wallonne"; Dutch: "Waalse kerk") describes any Calvinist church in the Netherlands and its former colonies whose members originally came from the Southern Netherlands and France and whose native language is French. Members of these churches belong to the Walloon Reformed Church (French: "Réformé wallon"; Dutch: "Waals Hervormd" or, prior to 1815, "Waals Gereformeerd"), a denomination of the long-distinguished Dutch-speaking Dutch Reformed Church.

[Wikipedia: Panchayati raj (India)] In India, the Panchayati Raj generally refers to the system introduced by constitutional amendment in 1992, although it is based upon the traditional "panchayat" system of South Asia. The modern Panchayati Raj and its "Gram Panchayats" are not to be confused with the extra-constitutional "Khap Panchayats" (or "Caste Panchayats") found in northern India. The Panchayati Raj system was formalized in 1992, following a study conducted by a number of Indian committees on various ways of implementing more decentralized administration.

[Wikipedia: Rosa Mundi (group)] Rosa Mundi was the name of a very short lived electronic music supergroup which consisted of Rose McDowall, John Balance and possibly Peter Christopherson. The group is only credited for one song, "The Snow Man" which appeared on the compilations "The Final Solstice" and "The Final Solstice II" and the split 7" vinyl "Grief". Furthermore, Rosa Mundi is credited on the song "Christmas Is Now Drawing Near" from the Coil single "", later released on "Moons Milk (In Four Phases)". Since both songs, "The Snow Man" and "Christmas Is Now Drawing Near", were both originally released in 1999, it can be said that this is the only year the group functioned. However, the song "Rosa Decidua" from the 1998 Coil EP , while not credited to Rosa Mundi, has exactly the same line-up.

[Wikipedia: Ladaai] Ladaai (English: Feud) is a 1989 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Deepak Shivdasani, starring Mithun Chakraborty, Rekha, Dimple Kapadia, Mandakini, Aditya Pancholi, Gulshan Grover, Satish Shah, Shakti Kapoor, Anupam Kher, Archana Puran Singh and Rohini Hattangadi.

[Wikipedia: 2007 Los Angeles Dodgers season] The Los Angeles Dodgers' 2007 season started off promisingly with the Dodgers holding the Western Division lead for most of the first half of the season. However, the team faded down the stretch and finished the season in fourth place. Two of the teams big free agent signings, pitchers Jason Schmidt and Randy Wolf were injured and missed most of the season. A promising development was the play of several rookies including James Loney and Matt Kemp and the further development of second year catcher Russell Martin, who was named to his first All-Star Game.

[Wikipedia: The Trial (1962 film)] The Trial (1962) is a film directed by Orson Welles, who also wrote the screenplay based on the novel of the same name by Franz Kafka. Filmed in Europe, Welles stated immediately after completing the film: ""The Trial" is the best film I have ever made". The film begins with Welles narrating Kafka's parable "Before the Law" to pinscreen scenes created by the artist Alexandre Alexeieff. Anthony Perkins stars as Josef K., a bureaucrat who is accused of a never-specified crime, and Jeanne Moreau, Romy Schneider, and Elsa Martinelli play women who become involved in various ways in Josef's trial and life. Welles plays the Advocate, Josef's lawyer and the film's principal antagonist.

[Wikipedia: Bianca Lamblin] Bianca Lamblin (born Bienenfeld) (April 1921 in Lublin – 5 November 2011) was a French writer who was romantically involved with both Jean-Paul Sartre and his lifelong companion Simone de Beauvoir, for a number of years. Her book, "Mémoires d'une Jeune Fille Dérangée" (published in English under the title, "A Disgraceful Affair"), is an account of her long-lasting involvement with two of the most prominent French thinkers of the twentieth century. In correspondence between Sartre and Beauvoir, the pseudonym Louise Védrine was used when referring to Bianca in "Lettres au Castor" and in "Lettres à Sartre". Lamblin later lamented of being abused by both Sartre and Beauvoir.

[Wikipedia: Nizier Anthelme Philippe] Nizier Anthelme Philippe was born on April 25, 1849 in Le Rubathier, Loisieux, Savoy, France, the son of peasants, and died August 2, 1905 in L'Arbresle, Rhône, France. Nizier Philippe was a mystic and French healer. His mother was Mary Vachot (1823-1899) and his father was Joseph Philippe (1819-1898). He was also known as "Monsieur Philippe", "Maître Philippe" (i.e., Master Philippe) or "Maître Philippe de Lyon" (i.e., Master Philippe of Lyon).

[Wikipedia: Muzaffarnagar] Muzaffarnagar (   ) is a city and a municipal board in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh and is a part of Delhi National Capital Region. Recently, the Muzaffarnagar district has been included in National Capital Region by Indian Government. It is the headquarters of the Muzaffarnagar district. Many popular farmer leaders come from MuzaffarNagar. It is situated midway on Delhi - Haridwar/Dehradun National Highway (NH 58), the city is also well connected with the national railway network. The city is located in the middle of highly fertile upper Ganga-Yamuna Doab region and is quite near to the National capital, making it one of the most developed and prosperous cities of Uttar Pradesh. Muzaffarnagar district was included in National Capital Region (NCR) on 9 June 2015 opening new avenues of development for the city. This city is also part of Delhi Mumbai Industrial Corridor (DMIC) and Amritsar Delhi Kolkata Industrial Corridor (ADKIC) opening door of opportunities in the region. It is the principal commercial, industrial and educational hub of Western Uttar Pradesh. Currently, G.S Priyadarshi is the District Magistrate of Muzaffarnagar

[Wikipedia: Liberty Baptist Church (Grooverville, Georgia)] Liberty Baptist Church is a historic church built about 1858 in Grooverville, Georgia. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 20, 2013. It is located on Liberty Church Road. There is a Georgia Historical Commission historical marker at the site. According to the marker: "In 1841 the Ocklochnee anti-Missionary Baptist Association passed a ruling to dismiss members believing in the 'new fangled institutions of the day.'" One of the excommunicated sisters joined with others in forming the Liberty Baptist Church. The church includes a slave gallery. Freed slaves from the area formed First Elizabeth Church in Grooverville.

[Wikipedia: Fourier number] In physics and engineering, the Fourier number (Fo) or Fourier modulus, named after Joseph Fourier, is a dimensionless number that characterizes transient heat conduction. Conceptually, it is the ratio of diffusive or conductive transport rate to the quantity storage rate, where the quantity may be either heat (thermal energy) or matter (particles). The number derives from non-dimensionalization of the heat equation (also known as Fourier's Law) or Fick's second law and is used along with the Biot number to analyze time dependent transport phenomena.

[Wikipedia: Avalanche Lake (New York)] Avalanche Lake is a 9 acre mountain lake located in the Adirondack High Peaks in New York. Avalanche Lake sits at 2885 feet (879 m) between 4,714-foot (1,437 m) Mount Colden and-3816 foot (1163 m) Avalanche Mountain. The two mountains rise in vertical cliffs from the surface of the lake. Immediately west of Avalanche Mountain (formerly known as Caribou Mountain) lies the MacIntyre Range— 5,115-foot (1,559 m) Algonquin Peak (the second highest mountain in the state), 4829-foot (1472 m) Boundary Peak, 4,843-foot (1,476 m) Iroquois Peak and 4,380-foot (1,335 m) Mount Marshall. Mount Marcy is 2.5 (4 km) miles to the east. Avalanche Lake feeds Lake Colden to the south, in the Hudson River watershed. To the north, the trail to the lake from the Adirondak Loj surmounts Avalanche Pass, which is only slightly above lake level but separates it from the Lake Champlain (St. Lawrence River) watershed. Following the lake toward Lake Colden, the trail is choked with large boulders, and a number of wooden ladders have been built to make passage possible. There are also three places where the trail takes to wooden catwalks, first built in the 1920s, that are bolted directly into the cliff face. This section is known as the "Hitch-Up Matilda;" in 1868 when a mountain guide waded to carry one of his clients past a point with no footing on shore, her husband urged her to sit higher on his shoulders.

[Wikipedia: Esma Sultan] Esma Sultan is the name of three daughters of three Ottoman Sultans:

[Wikipedia: John Arledge] John Arledge (March 12, 1906 – May 15, 1947) was an American film and stage actor. He played dozens of supporting roles in the Hollywood movies of the 1930s–1940s, including "The Grapes of Wrath".

[Wikipedia: Joseph Campbell] Joseph John Campbell (March 26, 1904 – October 30, 1987) was an American mythologist, writer, and lecturer, best known for his work in comparative mythology and comparative religion. His work covers many aspects of the human experience. Campbell's "magnum opus" is his book "The Hero with a Thousand Faces" (1949), in which he discusses his theory of the journey of the archetypal hero found in world mythologies. Since the book's publication, Campbell's theory has been consciously applied by a wide variety of modern writers and artists. His philosophy has been summarized by his own often repeated phrase: "Follow your bliss."

[Wikipedia: Imperial Towers] The Imperial Towers of Ontario were six of the earliest lighthouses built on Lake Huron and Georgian Bay, all constructed primarily of stone, by the Province of Canada. The origin of the designation "Imperial" is not certain, but some historians speculate that because the towers were public construction built under the colonial administration while Canada was a self-governing colony of Britain, the name would assure at least some funding from the British Empire's Board of Trade.

[Wikipedia: Johnny Jack Nounes] Johnny Jack Nounes, also known as the "Beau Brummell of Galveston", was an organized crime boss in Galveston, Texas, United States, during the early 1900s. He, with one-armed George Musey, led the Downtown Gang, one of the two gangs which controlled most of the Galveston Crime Syndicate until the early 1930s. They fought for control of the island against the rival Beach Gang led by Ollie Quinn and Dutch Voight. As the prohibition era began, his gang came to be one of the dominant forces in the Galveston Crime Syndicate. Galveston became the main port of entry for liquor supply in Texas and many parts of the Midwest.

[Wikipedia: La Nouba] La Nouba is a Cirque du Soleil show in residence in a custom-built, freestanding theater at Disney Springs' West Side at the Walt Disney World Resort in Orlando, Florida. It is a contemporary circus performance featuring acrobats, gymnasts, and other skilled performers. The show's creation was directed by Franco Dragone, who also directed many of Cirque du Soleil's earlier shows. Its title derives from the French phrase "faire la nouba", meaning "to party" or "to live it up".

[Wikipedia: Arizona v. United States] Arizona v. United States, 567 U.S. ___ (2012) , was a United States Supreme Court case involving Arizona's S.B. 1070, a state law intended to increase the powers of local law enforcement who wished to enforce federal immigration laws. At issue is whether the law usurps the federal government's authority to regulate immigration laws and enforcement. The Court ruled that sections 3, 5(C), and 6 of S. B. 1070 were preempted by federal law, but left other parts of the law intact, including a provision that allowed law enforcement to investigate a person's immigration status.

[Wikipedia: ARA Gómez Roca (P-46)] ARA "Gómez Roca" (P-46) is the sixth and last ship of the MEKO 140A16 "Espora" class of six corvettes built for the Argentine Navy. The ship is the first ship to bear the name of Lieutenant Commander Sergio Gómez Roca, who commanded the Argentine patrol ship ARA "Alferez Sobral" during the Falklands War and died in action when the ship was attacked by Royal Navy helicopters. Originally the ship was to have been named "Seaver" after Captain Benjamin Seaver, a US-born naval hero of the Argentine War of Independence.

[Wikipedia: Oppenheimer security hearing] The Oppenheimer security hearing was a 1954 proceeding by the United States Atomic Energy Commission (AEC) that explored the background, actions, and associations of J. Robert Oppenheimer, the American scientist who had headed the Los Alamos Laboratory during World War II, where he played a key part in the Manhattan Project that developed the atomic bomb. The hearing resulted in Oppenheimer's Q clearance being revoked. This marked the end of his formal relationship with the government of the United States, and generated considerable controversy regarding whether the treatment of Oppenheimer was fair, or whether it was an expression of anti-Communist McCarthyism.

[Wikipedia: 2008 Kids' Choice Awards] The 21st annual Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Awards were held at the Pauley Pavilion, Los Angeles, California on March 29, 2008. The show was the first live-action/animated Kids Choice Awards show. The event was hosted by Jack Black. Voting began March 3 on Nick.com and Nicktropolis. A "Bring on the Nominees" special hosted by Lil' JJ aired also. The Naked Brothers Band and Miley Cyrus were musical performances for the show. A sweepstakes was announced to promote the show. The number of votes cast broke the record previously set in 2007. 86,708,020 kids cast 88,254,272 votes (since kids were allowed to vote multiple times) between March 3–29 in 18 categories, to honor and vote for their favorites. Votes were cast via Nick.com, Nicktropolis, TurboNick, and for the first time via Nick's new mobile website (wap.nick.com). The award show attracted 7.7 million viewers.

[Wikipedia: Dupleix (Paris Métro)] Dupleix is an elevated station of the Paris Métro serving line 6 along "Boulevard de Grenelle" in the 15th arrondissement. The track and station form an elevated viaduct in the centre of and above "Boulevard de Grenelle". There is an open street market under the station twice a week.

[Wikipedia: Before Crisis: Final Fantasy VII] Before Crisis: Final Fantasy VII (Japanese: ビフォア クライシス -ファイナルファンタジーVII- , Hepburn: Bifoa Kuraishisu -Fainaru Fantajī Sebun- ) is an action role-playing video game developed by Square Enix and originally released for the FOMA mobile service on September 24, 2004. It was later released for SoftBank Mobile and EZweb in 2007. "Before Crisis" is a prequel to the 1997 video game "Final Fantasy VII" and forms part of the "Compilation of Final Fantasy VII", a metaseries expanding on and continuing the story established in "Final Fantasy VII". It takes place six years prior to the events of "Final Fantasy VII" and focuses on the adventures of the Turks, a group of covert operatives working for the Shinra Electric Power Company, and their fights against both rebel group AVALANCHE and their corrupt employers.

[Wikipedia: Eucommia] Eucommia is a genus of small trees now native to China, with a fossil record that shows a much wider distribution. The single living species, "Eucommia ulmoides", is near threatened in the wild, but is widely cultivated in China for its bark, and is highly valued in herbology such as traditional Chinese medicine.

[Wikipedia: London Coliseum] The London Coliseum (also known as the Coliseum Theatre) is a theatre in St. Martin's Lane, central London, built as one of London's largest and most luxurious "family" variety theatres. Opened on 24 December 1904 as the London Coliseum Theatre of Varieties, it was designed by the theatrical architect Frank Matcham for the impresario Oswald Stoll. Their ambition was to build the largest and finest music hall, described as the "people's palace of entertainment" of its age.

[Wikipedia: Paul Kelly (U.S. musician)] Paul Kelly (June 19, 1940 – October 4, 2012) was an American singer-songwriter. He is best known for the soul songs "Stealing in the Name of the Lord", which was a major hit in 1970, and "Hooked, Hogtied & Collared". He also wrote "Personally", which has been widely covered, and was a hit for soul singer Jackie Moore and singer-songwriter Karla Bonoff and country singer Ronnie McDowell. Other songs have been covered by gospel artists, including the Mighty Clouds Of Joy and The Staple Singers.

[Wikipedia: Summer Knights] Summer Knights is the second mixtape by American rapper Joey Bada$$. It was released on July 1, 2013, by Cinematic Music Group. The mixtape was planned to be released as an EP, to prelude the release of his debut album "B4.DA.$$", but instead it was announced to be a full-length mixtape. The mixtape features production from Chuck Strangers, Kirk Knight, MF Doom, Statik Selektah, DJ Premier, Lee Bannon, Oddisee, Navie D, and Bruce Leekix. The mixtape features more original instrumentals than his first mixtape "1999" which was primarily samples.

[Wikipedia: Lana Del Rey videography] American singer and occasional actress Lana Del Rey has appeared in three films as an actress, eighteen television shows, and three commercials, along with offering her talents to five films as singer. Del Rey's first appearance was in the independent film "Poolside" (2010), which features Del Rey playing Lisa, a rich girl who spends her days smoking cigarettes by the pool. She received top billing for the project. Del Rey's next appearance was in a less-than-one-minute long short art film titled "Lana Del Rey" which was produced by Interview magazine and features noir-ish style and cinematic themes. Del Rey's breakout appearance was in an Anthony Mandler directed film, which Del Rey wrote, titled "Tropico" (2013). The film features Del Rey as a fictionalized version of Eve while also playing the Virgin Mary. "Tropico" received positive reviews and was Del Rey's second film that gave her top billing. Along with appearing in a handful of short films, Del Rey has appeared in 18 television shows and specials as herself along with appearing in campaign commercials for companies including Keds and H&M.

[Wikipedia: 2008–09 Phoenix Coyotes season] The 2008–09 Phoenix Coyotes season was the team's 37th season, 30th season in the National Hockey League and 13th season as the Phoenix Coyotes. It saw the Coyotes attempt to qualify for the Stanley Cup playoffs for the first time since 2002. However, during the month of March, they were eliminated from the playoffs, and ended up 13th in the NHL's Western Conference.

[Wikipedia: St Andrew's Cathedral, Glasgow] The Metropolitan Cathedral Church of Saint Andrew or Glasgow Metropolitan Cathedral is a Roman Catholic Cathedral in the city centre of Glasgow, Scotland. It is the mother church of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Glasgow. The Cathedral, which was designed in 1814 by James Gillespie Graham in the Neo Gothic style, lies on the north bank of the River Clyde in Clyde Street. St Andrew's Cathedral is the seat of the Archbishop of Glasgow, currently the Most Reverend Philip Tartaglia. It is dedicated to the patron saint of Scotland, Saint Andrew.

[Wikipedia: Paul Draper (winemaker)] Paul Draper (born March 10, 1936) is a California winemaker who has been the chief winemaker at Ridge Vineyards in California since 1969. Without any formal training in winemaking, Draper first gained recognition for his 1971 "Monte Bello" Cabernet Sauvignon when it placed fifth at the Judgment of Paris wine tasting. Draper has played a significant role in the history of California wine through his pioneering work in popularizing "vineyard-designated" wines as well as instigating the resurgence of old vine Zinfandel. Along with Ravenswood Winery's Joel Peterson, Draper is considered one of the most important figures in the history of Californian Zinfandel, rescuing the grape from obscurity and demonstrating its full potential as a serious wine. Draper was featured in a short film titled Terroir and directed by Christopher McGilvray which was shown at the 2017 Cinequest Film Festival.

[Wikipedia: Darwin Porter] Darwin Porter (born September 13, 1937, in Greensboro, North Carolina) was the son of Hazel Lee Phillips, a fashion designer, and Paul Suggs, an attorney. His stepfather, Numie Rowan Porter, adopted him and changed his last name.

[Wikipedia: Steve Dunlap] Steve Dunlap (born February 4, 1954) was the assistant head coach and Special Teams Coordinator for the West Virginia Mountaineers football team. Dunlap had been with the Mountaineers on and off throughout his 33-year coaching career on the defensive side of the football. Dunlap has served on the staff of 16 bowl teams and coached in the 1988 National Championship Game. His 1996 West Virginia Mountaineers football team defense was ranked #1 in the nation.

[Wikipedia: Cash (Chinese coin)] Cash was a type of coin of China and East Asia from the 4th century BC until the 20th century AD. Originally cast during the Warring States period these coins continued to be used for the entirety of Imperial China as well as under Mongol, and Manchu rule, the last Chinese cash coins were cast in the first year of the Republic of China. Generally most cash coins were made from copper or bronze alloys with iron, lead, and zinc coins occasionally appearing on a more uncommon basis throughout Chinese history, with rare silver, and gold cash coins appearing as well. During most of their production cash coins were cast but during the late Qing dynasty machine-struck cash coins began to be made. In the modern era these coins are now considered to be Chinese “good luck coins” and are used by hanging these coins round the necks of children, or over the beds of sick people, and hold a place in various other superstitions, as well as Traditional Chinese medicine, and Feng shui. Currencies based on the Chinese cash coins include the Japanese mon, Korean mun, Ryukyuan mon, and Vietnamese văn.

[Wikipedia: Dean Martin] Dean Martin (born Dino Paul Crocetti; June 7, 1917 – December 25, 1995) was an American singer, actor, comedian, and film producer. One of the most popular and enduring American entertainers of the mid-20th century, Martin was nicknamed the "King of Cool" for his seemingly effortless charisma and self-assurance.

[Wikipedia: Nuna 5] The Nuna 5 is the 2009 model of the Nuna series solar-powered racing car built by the Dutch Nuon Solar Team.

[Wikipedia: Star Wars MUSH] Star Wars MUSH (commonly referred to as SW1) is a text-based online role-playing game. "Star Wars MUSH" was created in May 1991 and was released to the public in January 1992. The game predates the majority of ""Star Wars" expanded universe" and as such largely deviates from the established "Star Wars" universe set after "Return of the Jedi". The game scenario system is based on the discontinued West End Games' . The game persisted throughout the '90s as one of the net's more successful "Star Wars"-themed MUSHes, earning a feature in "The Incredible Internet Guide to Star Wars".

[Wikipedia: Shreekhandpur] Shreekhandpur (Nepal Bhasa: खम्पू) is a city situated in the Dhulikhel municipality in Kavrepalanchowk district in Nepal.This historical town is about 28 km east from Kathmandu. The city is located roughly at 1400m above sea level. The main attraction of Shreekhandpur is the temple of Swet Bhairav, located approximately 1 km northeast of the town. The name Shreekhandpur was originally given due to the presence of the tree Shreekhand. Its name during the Licchavi period was खम्पू which is still used predominantly by the Newar community living in this town.

[Wikipedia: Torrenza Mazatlan] Torrenza Towers Condos & Spa is planned as two high-rise towers located at Avenida Rodolfo T. Loaiza, Playa Las Gaviotas, in the city of Mazatlán state of Sinaloa in Mexico. To date, (April, 2011) no construction has taken place. The two towers, named Milan and Florence, are planned to become the tallest skyscrapers in the Mexican Pacific, taller than the 2000 Oceanic located in the city of Acapulco, although this is not currently true.

[Wikipedia: Wright brothers] The Wright brothers, Orville (August 19, 1871 – January 30, 1948) and Wilbur (April 16, 1867 – May 30, 1912), were two American brothers, inventors, and aviation pioneers who are generally credited with inventing, building, and flying the world's first successful airplane. They made the first controlled, sustained flight of a powered, heavier-than-air aircraft on December 17, 1903, four miles south of Kitty Hawk, North Carolina. In 1904–05 the brothers developed their flying machine into the first practical fixed-wing aircraft. Although not the first to build and fly experimental aircraft, the Wright brothers were the first to invent aircraft controls that made fixed-wing powered flight possible.

[Wikipedia: Roster McCabe] Roster McCabe was an American rock band noted for its tight, high energy dance shows, exploration of music across genres and devoted fan base. Named by Billboard Magazine as one of "five up-and-coming jam bands that could draw audiences to the festivals of tomorrow", Roster has toured nationally and played over 550 gigs in the last four years. The band's music blends elements of a wide variety of genres, including reggae, rock, funk, and jazz, although the band describes its sound as "Funky Reggae Dance Rock". After the departure of founding member Drew Preiner, the band renamed themselves "Night Phoenix." Night Phoenix (Steele, Mullenburg, Peterson, and Daum) played a handful of shows in the winter of 2013–2014, before breaking up in early-mid 2014. Their final show was performed on May 10, 2014, and was held at The Popcorn in La Crosse, Wisconsin.

[Wikipedia: Jack Nicholson] John Joseph Nicholson (born April 22, 1937) is an American actor and filmmaker, who has performed for over 60 years. Nicholson is known for playing a wide range of starring or supporting roles, including satirical comedy, romance and dark portrayals of antiheroes and psychopathic characters. In many of his films, he has played the "eternal outsider, the sardonic drifter," someone who rebels against the social structure.

[Wikipedia: NGC 3610] NGC 3610 is an elliptical galaxy in the constellation Ursa Major. It was discovered on 8 April 1793 by William Herschel.

[Wikipedia: 2011 Texas Tech Red Raiders football team] The 2011 Texas Tech Red Raiders football team represented Texas Tech University in the 2011 NCAA Division I FBS football season. The Red Raiders were led for the second year by head coach Tommy Tuberville, and played their home games at Jones AT&T Stadium. They are a member of the Big 12 Conference. The 2011 Red Raiders Season finished with a 5–7 overall record, 2–7 in Big 12 play. It was the first losing season for Texas Tech football since the 1992 season. As a result, the Red Raiders failed to qualify for a bowl game for the first time since 1999.

[Wikipedia: Football in Burkina Faso] Football is the most popular sport in Burkina Faso. And the national association can look back on recent developments with a great deal of pride. Reaching the semi-finals of the African Cup of Nations on home soil in 1998, qualifying for the FIFA World Youth Championship in the UAE in 2003, and appearances at two final competitions of the CAF U-17 Cup, as well as third place at the FIFA U-17 World Championship in Trinidad & Tobago in 2001 are Burkina Fasos outstanding achievements at international level. The nations most famous players include Kassoum Ouegraogo, nicknamed Zico, who had his most successful seasons with Espérance de Tunis before ending his career in Germany, Siaka Ouattara, who spent his entire career with Mulhouse in France, and Moumouni Dagano, who was voted best African player in Belgium in 2001, when he played for the Belgian side Genk. He later went on to play for the French side Guingamp before transferring to another French team, FC Sochaux in 2005.

[Wikipedia: Imagini] Imagini is a London-based software firm founded in 2006. It uses images instead of questions to do marketing tasks such as psychographic marketing research and social networking. Using Imagini's "VisualDNA" technology, Web visitors respond to queries such as "My biggest vice is..." or "My idea of love is..." by clicking on images, and software algorithms analyse the choices made to learn more about that particular person's preferences, likes and attitudes; then, a profile is constructed of the person which the firm describes as that person's "Visual DNA". One software application matches up a person's choices with that of others in a database, and suggests possible others with similar dispositions and worldviews. An additional application takes consumer's responses to images and uses this information to write a person's personal profile which can be used in places such as online dating sites. Information obtained by Imagini software can be used by web marketers to develop a better understanding of consumer preferences. In 2007, "The Guardian" noted that Imagini had high-powered financial backing.

[Wikipedia: Currie Cup / Central Series] The Currie Cup / Central Series was a rugby union competition held between the Currie Cup and Currie Cup Central A teams, the top two tiers of the premier domestic competition in South Africa. This formed part of the 1986-1994 Currie Cup seasons.

[Wikipedia: Ferdinand Porsche] Ferdinand Porsche (3 September 1875 – 30 January 1951) was an automotive engineer and founder of the Porsche car company. He is best known for creating the first gasoline-electric hybrid vehicle (Lohner-Porsche), the Volkswagen Beetle, the Mercedes-Benz SS/SSK, several other important developments and Porsche automobiles. In addition, Porsche designed the 1923 Benz Tropfenwagen, which was the first racing car with a mid-engine, rear-wheel drive layout.

[Wikipedia: Death of Cook] Death of Cook is the name of several paintings depicting the 1779 death of British and discoverer of the Hawaiian Islands, Captain James Cook at Kealakekua Bay.

[Wikipedia: Sri Lankan sambar deer] The Sri Lankan sambar deer ("Rusa unicolor unicolor") is a subspecies of sambar deer that lives in Sri Lanka. This subspecies is one of the largest sambar deer species with the largest antlers both in size and in body proportions. Large males weight up to 270–280 kg. Sri Lankan sambar live in lowland dry forests and mountain forests. Large herds of sambar deer roam the Horton Plains National Park, where it is the most common large mammal.

[Wikipedia: Bella Rose Arts Centre] The Bella Rose Arts Centre is a community-based proscenium theatre performing arts centre located inside of Halifax West High School in the Clayton Park neighbourhood of the Halifax. The 600 seat, professional grade, multi-purpose theatre has the capacity to handle almost any type of event from music and dance shows, to theatrical productions, and conferences. It currently functions primarily as a rental venue.

[Wikipedia: Tenterfield, New South Wales] Tenterfield is a town in New South Wales, Australia. It is located in the New England region at the intersection of the New England and Bruxner Highway's. Tenterfield is a three-hour drive from Brisbane, Queensland, three hours from Byron Bay, New South Wales, two hours from Armidale, New South Wales and eight hours from Sydney. The town is situated on the north-western part of the Northern Tableland plateau, nestled in a valley, astride the Great Dividing Range and beneath the imposing Mount MacKenzie (1,287m elevation). At the 2015 census , Tenterfield had a population of 6,986.

[Wikipedia: Lantana] Lantana is a genus of about 150 species of perennial flowering plants in the verbena family, Verbenaceae. They are native to tropical regions of the Americas and Africa but exist as an introduced species in numerous areas, especially in the Australian-Pacific region. The genus includes both herbaceous plants and shrubs growing to 0.5 - tall. Their common names are shrub verbenas or lantanas. The generic name originated in Late Latin, where it refers to the unrelated "Viburnum lantana".

[Wikipedia: Daniel Boone Native Gardens] Daniel Boone Native Gardens, located in Boone, North Carolina, United States, has a collection of North Carolina native plants in an informal landscaped design. The gardens are open daily from May to October.

[Wikipedia: Carson City, Nevada] Carson City, officially the Consolidated Municipality of Carson City, is an independent city and the capital of the US state of Nevada, named after the mountain man Kit Carson. As of the 2010 census, the population was 55,274. The majority of the population of the town lives in Eagle Valley, on the eastern edge of the Carson Range, a branch of the Sierra Nevada, about 30 mi south of Reno. The town originated as a stopover for California bound emigrants, but developed into a city with the Comstock Lode, a silver strike in the mountains to the northeast. The city has served as the capital of Nevada since statehood in 1864 and for much of its history was a hub for the Virginia and Truckee Railroad, although the tracks were removed in the 1950s. Prior to 1969, Carson City was the county seat of Ormsby County. In 1969, the county was abolished, and its territory merged with Carson City to form the Consolidated Municipality of Carson City. With the consolidation, the city limits today extend west across the Sierra Nevada to the California state line in the middle of Lake Tahoe. Like other independent cities in the United States, it is treated as a county-equivalent for census purposes.

[Wikipedia: Jed (wolfdog)] Jed was an animal actor, known for his roles in the movies: "White Fang" (1991), "" (1994), "The Journey of Natty Gann" (1985), and "The Thing" (1982). He was born in 1977 and died in June 1995 at the age of 18. He was a wolf-malamute.

[Wikipedia: Esporte Clube Pinheiros (basketball)] Esporte Clube Pinheiros basketball team is a part of the Brazilian multi-sports club, Esporte Clube Pinheiros, that is based in São Paulo, Brazil. The club amongst others, fields a men's professional basketball team. The club is also known as Esporte Clube Germânia. The club plays in the Brazilian League. The team plays its home games at the Ginásio Poliesportivo Henrique Villaboim, on the club's grounds in Jardim Europa.

[Wikipedia: Lai Van Sam] Lại Văn Sâm 1958 in Phú Thọ, Vietnam) is a Vietnamese journalist, he was host of many television programs, such as "Đấu Trí" ("PokerFace"), "Đấu trường 100" ("1 vs 100"), "Chiếc nón kỳ diệu" ("Wheel of Fortune"), "Hãy chọn giá đúng" ("The Price Is Right"), "SV '96", "SV 2000" and "Trò chơi liên tỉnh" and now he is the host of "Ai là triệu phú?" ("Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?") and "Chúng tôi là chiến sỹ". He was also one of the founders of VTV3. He studied Hinduism for 12 years in the Soviet Union. On October 5, 2008 he received an award for being the most popular game show host of VTV.

[Wikipedia: 2013 Minnesota Vikings season] The 2013 Minnesota Vikings season was the franchise's 53rd season in the National Football League. It also marked the Vikings' final season playing their home games at the Hubert H. Humphrey Metrodome; the team played their home games at TCF Bank Stadium for the 2014 and 2015 seasons while construction of U.S. Bank Stadium, which opened in 2016, took place on the site of the Metrodome. Following a Week 9 loss to the Dallas Cowboys, the Vikings were no longer able to match their 10–6 record from 2012, and their loss to the Baltimore Ravens five weeks later sealed their elimination from playoff contention.

[Wikipedia: Famoso Raceway] The Famoso Raceway dragstrip is located north of Bakersfield, California, and is known historically as the home to the annual March Meet, also known as the U.S. Fuel and Gas Championships. The strip, located on Famoso Road between Highway 99 and Highway 65 east of the Highway 99 and Highway 46 interchange, was originally built in World War II as an auxiliary training base for the nearby Army Air Corps training base at Shafter's Minter Field. After World War II, the Army abandoned the field. It was in the 1950s that an aspiring group of drag racing pioneers from the Bakersfield area, the Bakersfield Smokers, purchased the strip and made the necessary adjustments to allow for drag racing. The Famoso Raceway hosted the first ever March Meet in 1959 and it helped establish the fledgling National Hot Rod Association's (NHRA) legitimacy.

[Wikipedia: Mary Jo Levinger] Mary Jo Levinger is a Judge in the Superior Court of Santa Clara County. She received a B.S. from University of California, Berkeley. In 1973 she graduated from Santa Clara University School of Law. In 1990 she was appointed by Governor George Deukmejian.

[Wikipedia: Psilocybe cubensis] Psilocybe cubensis is a species of psychedelic mushroom whose principal active compounds are psilocybin and psilocin. Commonly called shrooms, magic mushrooms, golden tops, cubes, or gold caps, it belongs to the Hymenogastraceae family of fungi and was previously known as Stropharia cubensis. It is the most well known psilocybin mushroom due to its wide distribution and ease of cultivation.

[Wikipedia: Les McKeown] Leslie Richard McKeown (born 12 November 1955) is a Scottish pop singer who was the lead singer of the Bay City Rollers during their most successful period.

[Wikipedia: Benjamin Disraeli] Benjamin Disraeli, 1st Earl of Beaconsfield, (21 December 1804 – 19 April 1881) was a British statesman of the Conservative Party who twice served as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, as well as a novelist. He played a central role in the creation of the modern Conservative Party, defining its policies and its broad outreach. Disraeli is remembered for his influential voice in world affairs, his political battles with the Liberal Party leader William Ewart Gladstone, and his one-nation conservatism or "Tory democracy". He made the Conservatives the party most identified with the glory and power of the British Empire. He is the only UK Prime Minister to have been of Jewish birth.

[Wikipedia: Air India Flight 182] Air India Flight 182 was an Air India flight operating on the Toronto–Montreal–London–Delhi route. On 23 June 1985, the Boeing 747-237B serving the flight (c/n 21473/330, registration VT-EFO , "Emperor Kanishka") was destroyed by a bomb at an altitude of 31000 ft . It crashed into the Atlantic Ocean while in Irish airspace. It was the first bombing of a 747 jumbo jet. A total of 329 people were killed, including 268 Canadian citizens, 27 British citizens and 24 Indian citizens. The incident was the largest mass murder in Canadian history, and the deadliest incident in the history of Air India. It was the deadliest terrorist attack involving an airplane until the September 11, 2001, attacks. The bombing of Air India 182 occurred at the same time as the Narita Airport bombing. Investigators believe that the two plots were linked, and that those responsible were aiming for a double bombing. However, the bomb at Narita exploded before it could be loaded onto the plane.

[Wikipedia: Benjamin Victor (sculptor)] Benjamin Matthew Victor (January 16, 1979 in Taft, CA) is an American sculptor and Artist-in-Residence and Professor of the Practice at Boise State University. He is also the only living artist to have two works in the National Statuary Hall in the United States Capital.. He was only 26 years old when his first statue, "Sarah Winnemucca," a Paiute activist in Nevada, was dedicated in the Hall in 2005, making him the youngest artist to ever be represented in the Hall. Less than 10 years later, a second sculpture of Norman Borlaug, "the father of the Green Revolution," was dedicated in the Hall in 2014. In 2010, Benjamin Victor completed the "Taft Monument to Oilworkers", which is currently the largest bronze sculpture in California.

[Wikipedia: Bill Nelson] Clarence William Nelson II (born September 29, 1942) is an American politician and a member of the Democratic Party who serves as the senior United States Senator from Florida, in office since 2001. Nelson began his career in the Florida House of Representatives, where he served from 1972 to 1978. He then served in the United States House of Representatives from 1979 to 1991. In January 1986, Nelson became the first sitting member of the United States House of Representatives to fly in space. He flew as a Payload Specialist on the Space Shuttle "Columbia".

[Wikipedia: El Camino del Alma] El camino del alma (The soul of journey) is the third studio album released by Mexican Latin pop singer Cristian Castro. It was released on August 15, 1994. Its major hit was the cover Juan Gabriel's "Mañana, Mañana". The album was nominated in 1996 for Best Latin Pop Album in the Grammy Awards and a Lo Nuestro Award for Pop Album of the Year.

[Wikipedia: 1998 South Carolina Gamecocks football team] The 1998 South Carolina Gamecocks football team represented the University of South Carolina in the Southeastern Conference (SEC) during the 1998 NCAA Division I-A football season. The Gamecocks were led by head coach Brad Scott and played their home games in Williams-Brice Stadium in Columbia, South Carolina. Scott was fired following the end of the season, but was quickly hired as an assistant coach by Clemson. Lou Holtz was subsequently hired as South Carolina's new head coach.

[Wikipedia: Via Domiziana] Via Domiziana is the modern name for the Via Domitiana in the Campania region of Italy, a major Roman road built in 95 AD under (and named for) the emperor, Domitian, to facilitate access to and from the important ports of Puteoli (modern Pozzuoli) and Portus Julius (home port of the western Imperial fleet, consisting of the waters around Baiae and Cape Misenum) in the Gulf of Naples. The road led up the coast and joined the Appian Way at Formiae. It was damaged by Alaric in 420 AD and ultimately destroyed by Gaiseric in 455 AD. It was partially restored under various rulers of the Kingdom of Naples in the Middle Ages and in its modern guise is a major coast road leading north from Naples. The "via Domitiana" is not to be confused with the similar-sounding "via Domitia" in France.

[Wikipedia: Anna Camp] Anna Ragsdale Camp (born September 27, 1982) is an American actress and singer. She is known for her role as Sarah Newlin in "True Blood", and her recurring roles in "Mad Men", "The Good Wife", and "The Mindy Project". She is also known for her role as Aubrey Posen in "Pitch Perfect" (2012), "Pitch Perfect 2" (2015), and the upcoming "Pitch Perfect 3" (2017). She made her Broadway debut in the 2008 production of "A Country House" and played Jill Mason in the 2008 Broadway revival of "Equus". In 2012, she was nominated for a Drama Desk Award for her performance in the Off-Broadway play "All New People". Camp played Jane Hollander, a researcher for the fictitious "News of the Week" magazine in the Amazon series "Good Girls Revolt." She also had a role in the 2011 film "The Help".

[Wikipedia: Sense and Sensibility (2008 miniseries)] Sense and Sensibility is a 2008 British television drama adaptation of Jane Austen's 1811 novel "Sense and Sensibility". The screenplay was written by Andrew Davies, who revealed that the aim of the series was to make viewers forget Ang Lee's 1995 film "Sense and Sensibility". The series was "more overtly sexual" than previous Austen adaptations, and Davies included scenes featuring a seduction and a duel that were absent from the feature film. "Sense and Sensibility" was directed by John Alexander and produced by Anne Pivcevic. Hattie Morahan and Charity Wakefield star as Elinor and Marianne Dashwood, two sisters who go on "a voyage of burgeoning sexual and romantic discovery".

[Wikipedia: Beyazıt Square] Beyazıt Square (Turkish: "Beyazıt Meydanı" ) is a square in the district of Fatih, situated in the European part of Istanbul, Turkey. It is officially named "Freedom Square" ("Hürriyet Meydanı" ), but is known as Beyazıt Square after the Bayezid II Mosque on one side of it. The Square is the former site of the Forum of Theodosius built by Constantine the Great. On one side of the square is the main entrance of Istanbul University; the Beyazıt Tower is on the university's campus and can be seen from the square. The current form of the square was designed by Turgut Cansever.

[Wikipedia: David Horovitch] David Horovitch (born 11 August 1945) is an English actor, perhaps best known for playing the character of Inspector Slack in "Miss Marple".

[Wikipedia: Trihex] Mychal Ramon Jefferson, better known under the screen name Trihex, is an American professional gamer and speedrunner. Active at the biannual Games Done Quick events, Trihex is best known for his runs of "Jet Set Radio" and "Yoshi's Island". He is a very popular livestreamer, with over 200,000 followers on Twitch. He is also known to be the face of the Twitch emote, TriHard.

[Wikipedia: Clara Hale] Clara McBride Hale (April 1, 1905 – December 18, 1992), also known as Mother Hale, was an American humanitarian who founded the Hale House Center, a home for unwanted children and children who were born addicted to drugs.

[Wikipedia: Guadeloupe National Park] Guadeloupe National Park (French: "Parc national de la Guadeloupe" ) is a national park in Guadeloupe, an overseas department of France located in the Leeward Islands of the eastern Caribbean region. The Grand Cul-de-Sac Marin Nature Reserve (French: "Réserve Naturelle du Grand Cul-de-Sac Marin") is a marine protected area adjacent to the park and administered in conjunction with it. Together, these protected areas comprise the Guadeloupe Archipelago (French: "l'Archipel de la Guadeloupe") biosphere reserve.

[Wikipedia: Duets: The Final Chapter] Duets: The Final Chapter (sometimes referred as The Biggie Duets) is the fourth studio album and second and final posthumous album by late American rapper The Notorious B.I.G., and is a collection of songs featuring appearances of other prominent rappers. The album was released by Bad Boy Records and Atlantic Records on December 20, 2005 and charted at #3 selling 438,000 copies, beaten by the extremely high sales of Jamie Foxx's "Unpredictable" and Mary J. Blige's "The Breakthrough". In the UK it climbed as high as #13 after the release of the album's first single "Nasty Girl". It is his third posthumous album that went Double-platinum and is said to be his last album of mainly new material.

[Wikipedia: Hugh de Kevelioc, 5th Earl of Chester] Hugh de Kevelioc, 5th Earl of Chester (1147 – 30 June 1181) was the son of Ranulf de Gernon, 4th Earl of Chester and Maud of Gloucester, daughter of Robert, 1st Earl of Gloucester (otherwise known as Robert de Caen, the illegitimate son of Henry I of England, making her Henry's granddaughter).

[Wikipedia: Richard Darman] Richard Gordon "Dick" Darman (May 10, 1943January 25, 2008) was an American businessman and government official who served in senior positions during the presidencies of Ronald Reagan and George H. W. Bush.

[Wikipedia: Love Peace &amp; Fuck] Love Peace & Fuck is the 2001 debut album by Julian Cope side project Brain Donor, released on Impresario records as a double LP. It was written, produced and directed by Cope along with long term collaborator Thighpaulsandra. The album was recorded by the power pop trio of Cope, lead guitarist Doggen Foster and drummer Kevin Bales, both formerly of Spiritualized. Cope plays bass, a role he had not assumed since The Teardrop Explodes in the late 1970s.

[Wikipedia: Calcifuge] A calcifuge is a plant that does not tolerate alkaline (basic) soil. The word is derived from the Latin 'to flee from chalk'. These plants are also described as ericaceous, as the prototypical calcifuge is the genus "Erica" (heaths). It is not the presence of carbonate or hydroxide ions "per se" that these plants cannot tolerate, but the fact that under alkaline conditions, iron becomes less soluble. Consequently, calcifuges grown on alkaline soils often develop the symptoms of iron deficiency, "i.e." interveinal chlorosis of new growth. There are many horticultural plants which are calcifuges, most of which require an 'ericaceous' compost with a low pH, composed principally of "Sphagnum" moss peat.

[Wikipedia: Ministry of Finance (RSFSR)] Ministry of Finance of the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic (Russian: Министерство финансов РСФСР ), known prior to 1946 as the People's Commissariat for Finance (Russian: Народный комиссариат финансов ), or shorten to Narkomfin was part of the government of the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic from 1918 to the collapse of the USSR in 1991. It was subordinate to the Ministry of Finance of the USSR.

[Wikipedia: Bike rental] A bike rental or bike hire business is a bicycle shop or other business that rents bikes for short periods of time (usually for a few hours) for a fee. Most rentals are provided by bike shops as a sideline to their main businesses of sales and service, but some shops specialize in rentals.

[Wikipedia: The Life of Larry and Larry &amp; Steve] The Life of Larry and Larry & Steve are two animated short films created by Seth MacFarlane in the mid-1990s that eventually led to the development of the animated sitcom "Family Guy". MacFarlane originally created "The Life of Larry" as a thesis film in 1995, while studying at the Rhode Island School of Design. His professor at RISD submitted MacFarlane's cartoon to Hanna-Barbera, where he was hired a year later.

[Wikipedia: Fire lookout tower] A fire lookout tower, fire tower or lookout tower, provides housing and protection for a person known as a "fire lookout" whose duty it is to search for wildfires in the wilderness. The fire lookout tower is a small building, usually located on the summit of a mountain or other high vantage point, in order to maximize the viewing distance and range, known as "view shed". From this vantage point the fire lookout can see smoke that may develop, determine the location by using a device known as an "Osborne Fire Finder", and call fire suppression personnel to the fire. Lookouts also report weather changes and plot the location of lightning strikes during storms. The location of the strike is monitored for a period of days after in case of ignition.

[Wikipedia: We Bring an Arsenal] "We Bring an Arsenal" was supposed to be the second single from "Weapons", the fifth studio album by Welsh alternative rock band Lostprophets, planned to be released 4 June 2012. It has been released to rock radio since this date in the United States, but the single has yet to be officially released in the UK as of 5 June 2012, but will unlikely happen due to Ian Watkins's imprisonment in 2013. It was first played live on 25 February 2012 at Brisbane, Australia.

[Wikipedia: Imran Ali (cricketer, born 1985)] Imran Ali (born 14 August 1985) is a Pakistani cricketer who played a single List A match for the Multan Tigers during the 2012–13 season. From Sahiwal, Punjab, little else is known of Imran's life. A fast bowler, he played his sole match for Multan in the 2012–13 edition of the Faysal Bank One-Day Cup, against the Lahore Eagles. In the match, played at the Multan Cricket Stadium in March 2013, Imran took the wicket of the Eagles' captain, Adnan Akmal, in Lahore's innings, finishing with 1/28 from his nine overs, including two maidens.

[Wikipedia: Motown] Motown is an American record company. The record company was founded by Berry Gordy Jr. as Tamla Records on January 12, 1959, and was incorporated as Motown Record Corporation on April 14, 1960, in Detroit, Michigan. The name, a portmanteau of "motor" and "town", has also become a nickname for Detroit. Motown played an important role in the racial integration of popular music as an African American-owned record label that achieved significant crossover success. In the 1960s, Motown and its subsidiary labels (including Tamla Motown, the brand used outside the US) were the most successful proponents of what came to be known as the Motown Sound, a style of soul music with a distinct pop influence. During the 1960s, Motown achieved spectacular success for a small record company: 79 records in the Top Ten of the "Billboard" Hot 100 record chart between 1960 and 1969.

[Wikipedia: Magnetometer (Juno)] Magnetometer (MAG) is the name of an instrument suite on the "Juno" orbiter for planet Jupiter. The MAG instrument includes both the Fluxgate Magnetometer (FGM) and Advanced Stellar Compass (ASC) instruments. There two sets of MAG instrument suites, and they are both positioned on the far end of on three solar panel array booms. Each MAG instrument suite observes the same swath of Jupiter, and by having two sets of instruments, determining what signal is from the planet and what is from spacecraft is supported. Avoiding signals from the spacecraft is another reason MAG is placed at the end of the solar panel boom, about 10 m (33 feet) and 12 m (39 feet) away from the central body of the Juno spacecraft. The MAG instrument is designed to detect the magnetic field of Jupiter, which is one of the largest structures in the Solar System. If one could see Jupiter's magnetic field from Earth, it would appear five times larger than the full moon in the sky despite being nearly 1700 times farther away. Jupiter's internal magnetic field prevents the solar wind, a stream of ionized particles emitted by the Sun, from interacting directly with its atmosphere, and instead diverts it away from the planet, effectively creating a cavity in the solar wind flow, called a magnetosphere, composed of a plasma different from that of the solar wind.

[Wikipedia: Robert L. Selman] Robert L. Selman (born May 7, 1942) is an American-born educational psychologist and perspective-taking theorist. who specializes in adolescent social development. He is married to Anne Selman and father to Jesse Selman and Matt Selman. He is the Roy E. Larsen Professor of Education and Human Development at the Harvard Graduate School of Education (HGSE) and a Professor of Psychology in Medicine at Harvard University. Robert Selman founded the Risk and Prevention masters program at the Harvard Graduate School of Education in 1992, and served as its first director through 1999. (In 2010, the program was renamed “Prevention Science and Practice.”) Selman served as the chair of the Human Development and Psychology department at HGSE from 2000 to 2004. At the Harvard Medical School, he is professor of psychology in the Department of Psychiatry, where he serves as senior associate at the Judge Baker Children's Center and at the Department of Psychiatry at Children's Hospital Boston.

[Wikipedia: Vladimir Radmanović] Vladimir Radmanović (Serbian Cyrillic: Владимир Радмановић; born November 19, 1980) is a retired Serbian professional basketball player. In Serbia he played for Crvena zvezda and FMP, and in NBA he was a member of the Seattle SuperSonics, Los Angeles Clippers, Los Angeles Lakers, Charlotte Bobcats, Golden State Warriors, Atlanta Hawks and Chicago Bulls.

[Wikipedia: India pale ale] India pale ale (IPA) is a hoppy beer style within the broader category of pale ale. It has also been referred to as "pale ale as prepared for India", "India ale", "pale India ale", or "pale export India ale".

[Wikipedia: Ulusaba Private Game Reserve] Ulusaba Private Game Reserve, owned by Sir Richard Branson as part of the Virgin Limited Edition luxury property portfolio, consists of about 13,500 ha of land set in the heart of the Sabi Sand Private Game Reserve. This private game reserve borders on the sprawling Kruger National Park in South Africa's Mpumalanga province and is home to an abundance of wildlife. Ulusaba means fearful in the local Tsonga Shangaan language and it was a name given to the Sabie River by the Shangaan people. The Sabie River was originally called Ulusaba ("fearful river") by the Shangaan simply because there was once a large concentration of dangerous Nile crocodile in the river, hence "Ulusaba". Before the establishment of the Kruger National Park, "Ulusaba" was once a home of Tsonga Shangaan people, the Shangaan were evicted from this land when the Kruger National Park was established and were relocated in nearby villages adjacent "Ulusaba Private Game Reserve".

[Wikipedia: Emílio da Silva] Emilio Ribeiro Neves da Silva, known simply as Emílio da Silva; born 5 April 1982 in Dili, Timor Timur, Indonesia, is a footballer from East Timor who has represented AD Esperança since 2004. Prior to this, da Silva played for FC Zebra for two years, having spent the entirety of his youth career (2000–2002) there also.

[Wikipedia: Geoff LaTulippe] Geoff LaTulippe is an American screenwriter and film director best known as the writer of the 2010 film "Going the Distance".

[Wikipedia: German submarine U-78 (1940)] German submarine "U-78" was a Type VIIC submarine of Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine" during World War II. She was the only German submarine to be sunk by land-based artillery fire during the war.

[Wikipedia: Midnight Madness and Beyond] Midnight Madness and Beyond is the third album by UK82 Hardcore punk band GBH from Birmingham UK. It was released in August 1986 on the Rough Justice label (the band's first release for their new label, following the departure from Clay Records) with catalogue number Just 2. Recorded once again at Strawberry Studios in Stockport UK. It was later Re-released with additional tracks (the "Oh No It's GBH Again" EP)in 2002 by leading Punk reissue label Captain Oi! (Ahoy CD 193)

[Wikipedia: Highway Song (James Taylor song)] "Highway Song" is a song written by James Taylor. It was first released by James Taylor's brother Alex Taylor on his 1971 album "With Friends and Neighbors" and as the lead single from the album. It was also released by James Taylor later that year on his album "Mud Slide Slim and the Blue Horizon".

[Wikipedia: Murray Hedgcock] Murray Hedgcock (born 23 February 1931) is an Australian cricket writer and journalist. He was born in south Melbourne and grew up in various country towns in Victoria. The test cricketer Bill Woodfull was the headmaster of one of his schools. After leaving school, he worked briefly in a bank before becoming a journalist. From 1966 until his retirement in 1991, he was posted to London. He wrote regularly for "The Australian", Wisden and "The Cricketer".

[Wikipedia: Alkaline Trio discography] The discography of Alkaline Trio, a Chicago-based punk rock band, consists of nine studio albums, two compilation albums, one split album, four EPs, one video album, sixteen singles, one demo, nine digital releases, and thirteen music videos. Alkaline Trio formed in 1996 with an initial lineup of Matt Skiba (guitar, vocals), Rob Doran (bass guitar, backing vocals), and Glenn Porter (drums). This lineup released the band's demo tape and the 1997 single "Sundials" on Chicago record label Johann's Face Records, after which Doran left the band and was replaced by Dan Andriano. The group then signed to Asian Man Records and released their debut EP "For Your Lungs Only" and album "Goddamnit" in 1998. A second EP, "I Lied My Face Off", followed in 1999 and resulted in their first music video, for the song "Goodbye Forever". In 2000 Asian Man released the band's second album, "Maybe I'll Catch Fire", as well as the compilation album "Alkaline Trio", collecting most of their previously released early material. Porter then left and was replaced by Mike Felumlee.

[Wikipedia: Maratha emperors] The Maratha emperors, from the early 17th century to the early 18th century, built and ruled the Maratha Empire on the Indian subcontinent, mainly corresponding to the modern countries of Bangladesh, India and Pakistan. ) Their power rapidly dwindled during the 18th century and the last of the emperors was deposed in 1818, with the establishment of the British Raj. At their empire's greatest extent in the late 17th and early 18th centuries, they controlled much of the Indian subcontinent, extending from Bengal in the east to Atak and Sindh in the west, Kashmir in the north to the Kaveri basin in the south. Peshwas served as subordinates to the Chhatrapati (the Maratha king), but later, they became the leaders of the Marathas, and the Chatrapati was reduced to a nominal ruler. During the last years of the Maratha Empire, Peshwe were instrumental in expanding the Maratha empire to this extent.

[Wikipedia: One Day (2017 film)] One Day () is a 2017 South Korean drama film directed by Lee Yoon-ki and starring Kim Nam-gil and Chun Woo-hee. The film was released on April 5, 2017.

[Wikipedia: John Grant (rugby league)] John Grant (born 19 March 1950) is an Australian businessman, rugby league football administrator and current chairman of the Australian Rugby League Commission which controls rugby league in Australia. A former player of the 1970s, he was a Queensland interstate representative three-quarter back and a member of the Australian team which lost the 1972 World Cup to Great Britain in France. Grant had been playing his club football for the Brisbane Rugby League's Souths club under Wayne Bennett. Following the World Cup, Grant joined English club Warrington, playing for them during their table-topping 1972–73 season.

[Wikipedia: A Tan and Sandy Silence] A Tan and Sandy Silence (1971) is the thirteenth novel in the Travis McGee series by John D. MacDonald. The plot begins with Harry Broll, husband of McGee's longtime friend Mary, shows up at his houseboat The Busted Flush with a gun, threatening McGee and accusing him of hiding Mary aboard. The rest of the novel involves McGee's search for Mary.

[Wikipedia: Marcy Playground] Marcy Playground is an American alternative rock band consisting of three members: John Wozniak (lead vocals, guitar), Dylan Keefe (bass), and Shlomi Lavie (drums). The band is best known for their 1997 hit "Sex and Candy".

[Wikipedia: Kill 'Em All] Kill 'Em All is the debut studio album by the American heavy metal band Metallica, released on July 25, 1983, by the independent record label Megaforce Records. "Kill 'Em All" is regarded as a groundbreaking album for thrash metal because of its precise musicianship, which fuses new wave of British heavy metal riffs with hardcore punk tempos. The album's musical approach and lyrics were markedly different from rock's mainstream of the early 1980s and inspired a number of bands who followed in similar manner. The album did not enter the "Billboard" 200 until 1986, when it peaked at number 155, following Metallica's commercial success with its third studio album "Master of Puppets"; the 1988 Elektra reissue peaked at number 120. "Kill 'Em All" was critically praised at the time of its release and in retrospect, and was placed on a few publications' best album lists. It was certified 3× Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) in 1999 for shipping three million copies in the United States. The album generated two singles, "Whiplash" and "Jump in the Fire".

[Wikipedia: Joe Wolf] Joseph James Wolf (born December 17, 1964) is a retired American professional basketball player who played in the National Basketball Association (NBA). He was the 13th overall pick of the 1987 NBA Draft, selected by the Los Angeles Clippers. He played college basketball at the University of North Carolina and reached the NCAA tournament all four years under coach Dean Smith. He earned the Carmichael-Cobb Award as UNC's outstanding defensive player and the Jimmie Dempsey Award as UNC's overall statistical leader as a senior in 1987. Lastly, he was elected ACC First Team and ACC All-Tournament Team. He averaged 4.2 points and 3.3 rebounds per game throughout an 11-year professional career. He was the former assistant coach for the Brooklyn Nets of the National Basketball Association.

[Wikipedia: Ante Delaš] Ante Delaš (born March 11, 1988) is a Croatian professional basketball player for Anwil Włocławek of the Polish Basketball League. He can play at both the point guard and shooting guard positions, making him a classical combo guard, despite his height (2.00 m) and thin physique. He is the older brother of Mario Delaš, who is also a professional basketball player, and with whom he played with in Split, Cedevita and the Croatian national basketball team.

[Wikipedia: Once Upon a Secret] Once Upon a Secret: My Affair with President John F. Kennedy and Its Aftermath is a book by the former White House intern Mimi Alford in February 2012. It contains the autobiographical account of the woman who had an affair with U.S. President John F. Kennedy towards the end of his life (from June 1962 to July 1963). Despite its consuming influence over her life at the time, Alford managed to keep her involvement in the affair secret for nearly 50 years, until basic details were published in the 2003 Kennedy biography "" by Robert Dallek.

[Wikipedia: The Originals (band)] The Originals, often called "Motown's best-kept secret", were a successful Motown R&B and soul group during the late 1960s and the 1970s, most notable for the hits "Baby, I'm For Real", "The Bells" and the disco classic "Down To Love Town". Formed in 1966, the group originally consisted of bass singer Freddie Gorman, baritone (and the group's founder) Walter Gaines, and tenors C. P. Spencer and Hank Dixon (and briefly Joe Stubbs). Ty Hunter replaced Spencer when he left to go solo in the early 1970s. They had all previously sung in other Detroit groups, Spencer having been an original member of The (Detroit) Spinners and Hunter having sung with The Supremes member Scherrie Payne in the group Glass House. Spencer, Gaines, Hunter, and Dixon (at one time or another) were also members of The Voice Masters. As a member of the Holland–Dozier–Gorman writing-production team (before Holland–Dozier–Holland), Gorman (as a mailman) was one of the co-writers of Motown's first number 1 pop hit "Please Mr. Postman", recorded by The Marvelettes. In 1964 The Beatles released their version and in 1975 The Carpenters took it to number 1 again. This was the second time in pop history that a song had reached number 1 twice as "The Twist" by Chubby Checker, reached number 1 in both 1960 and 1961. In 2006, "Please Mr. Postman" was inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame.

[Wikipedia: Zoo Parade] Zoo Parade is an American television program broadcast from 1950 to 1957 that featured animals from the Lincoln Park Zoo in Chicago. The program's host was Marlin Perkins, the Zoo's director. Perkins went on to host the program "Wild Kingdom". Jim Wehmeyer has described the show: "A precursor of sorts to the regularly featured animal segments on "The Tonight Show" and other late-night talk shows, "Zoo Parade" was a location-bound production (filmed in the reptile house basement) during which Perkins would present and describe the life and peculiarities of Lincoln Park Zoo animals."

[Wikipedia: Lester James Peries] Sri Lankabhimanya Lester James Peries (Sinhala: ශ්‍රී ලංකාභිමාන්‍ය ලෙස්ටර් ජේම්ස් පීරිස්) (born 5 April 1919) is an internationally acclaimed Sri Lankan film director, screenwriter, and film producer. An active filmmaker since 1949, Peries has been involved in over 28 films, including shorts and documentaries. He has received critical acclaim for directing "Rekava", "Gamperaliya", "Nidhanaya", "Golu Hadawatha", "Kaliyugaya", "Awaragira" and "Yuganthaya". His movie "Wekande Walauwa", starring Ravindra Randeniya and Malini Fonseka, was Sri Lanka's first ever submission for the Academy Awards. Peries' films often deal with Sri Lankan family life in rural settings and conflicted characters. He helped create an authentic expression of Sinhala Cinema.

[Wikipedia: Fred Tate] Frederick William Tate (24 July 1867 – 24 February 1943) was an English cricketer who played in one Test in 1902. This was the at Old Trafford which England lost by 3 runs, and with it the series. Tate had the misfortune to drop a crucial swerving lofted pull off the left-handed Australian captain, Joe Darling, the bowler being the leg-spinner Len Braund from the now Brian Statham End: just forward of square leg, in front of the refreshment stall (the bowler's testimony, and photos locate the structure), slightly in from the boundary, rail/tram-line side of the ground. England lost their ninth wicket in their second innings with eight wanted for victory. Tate joined Wilfred Rhodes and edged his first ball for four, but the fourth ball he received from Saunders bowled him. The patch of turf on which Tate dropped the catch is now in the pavilion lawn at Whalley Range Cricket Club, after Old Trafford lifted its playing area in August 2008, as is that where Clem Hill took his famous running catch in front of the pavilion in the same game. The England captain, Archie MacLaren, was born in Whalley Range and grew up there.

[Wikipedia: The Merry Heirs] The Merry Heirs (German: Lachende Erben) is a 1933 German comedy film directed by Max Ophüls and starring Heinz Rühmann, Max Adalbert, Lien Deyers and Friedrich Ettel. The premiere was on 6 March 1933.

[Wikipedia: Some Girl(s) (film)] Some Girl(s) is a 2013 American comedy film directed by Daisy von Scherler Mayer and written by Neil LaBute. It is based on the play of the same name, also written by LaBute. The film stars Adam Brody, Kristen Bell, Zoe Kazan, Mía Maestro, Jennifer Morrison and Emily Watson. The film was released on June 26, 2013, by Leeden Media.

[Wikipedia: Noël Riley Fitch] Noël Riley Fitch is a biographer and historian of expatriate intellectuals in Paris in the first half of the 20th century. She is the author of several books on Paris ("Literary Cafes of Paris", "Walks in Hemingway’s Paris") as well as three biographies: "Sylvia Beach and the Lost Generation" (1983), translated into Japanese, Spanish, German, Italian and French; "Anaïs: The Erotic Life of Anaïs Nin" (1993), published in French, German, Spanish, Portuguese, and Polish, and nominated for the Grand prix des lectrices de Elle; and she is the first authorized biographer of Julia Child, with "Appetite for Life: the Biography of Julia Child" (1997). The Ernest Hemingway book, a biographical and geographical study of his Paris years, has been published in Dutch, the Cafés of Paris book in Dutch and German.

[Wikipedia: Dark Passage (film)] Dark Passage (1947) is a Warner Bros. film noir directed by Delmer Daves and starring Humphrey Bogart and Lauren Bacall. The film is based on the novel of the same name by David Goodis. It was the third of four films real-life couple Bacall and Bogart made together.

[Wikipedia: Emily Dickinson Museum] The Emily Dickinson Museum is a historic house museum consisting of two houses: the Dickinson Homestead (also known as Emily Dickinson Home or Emily Dickinson House) and the Evergreens. The Dickinson Homestead was the birthplace and home from 1855–1886 of 19th-century American poet Emily Dickinson (1830–1886), whose poems were discovered in her bedroom there after her death. The house next door, called the Evergreens, was built by the poet's father, Edward Dickinson, in 1856 as a wedding present for her brother Austin. Located in Amherst, Massachusetts, the houses are preserved as a single museum and are open to the public on guided tours. The Emily Dickinson Home is a US National Historic Landmark, and properties contribute to the Dickinson Historic District, listed on the National Register of Historic Places.

[Wikipedia: Channel District] Channel District is a residential neighborhood in the City of Tampa that includes an entertainment complex, just east of Downtown Tampa, Florida. It is bordered by Ybor Channel on the east and Garrison Channel on the south. Channelside is a nickname for the entertainment complex "Channelside Bay Plaza", within the neighborhood that includes shops, restaurants, and bars. It is located next to the Florida Aquarium, American Victory Museum, Port Tampa Bay (the launching point for cruise lines) and a short stretch on the Tampa Riverwalk to the Tampa Bay History Center. Also located in the district is the Amalie Arena (formerly the Tampa Bay Times Forum) where the NHL's Tampa Bay Lightning and Tampa Bay Storm play their home games. The Arena also hosts concerts and other events. The center of the Bay Plaza has a large open court for live music, with views of the downtown skyline, cruise ships and the Port of Tampa. It also houses a Sony Giant Screen theater. The TECO Streetcar has several stops in the district. Also, NEVs are being utilized by startups to link Tampa's core neighborhoods including Channelside. The Tampa Convention Center is located adjacent to the district to the west.

[Wikipedia: Greg Bautzer] Gregson Edward Bautzer (April 3, 1911 – October 26, 1987) was an American attorney, representing such stars as Ginger Rogers, Ingrid Bergman and Joan Crawford, Kirk Kerkorian, Howard Hughes and William R. Wilkerson.

[Wikipedia: Cedar Community, West Bend, Wisconsin.] Cedar Community, West Bend, Wis. is a faith-based, not-for-profit retirement community. Its main campus is located on 100 acres above Big Cedar Lake at 5595 County Road Z in West Bend and includes Cedar Lake Health and Rehabilitation Center, Cedar Bay Assisted Living, Cedar Lake Village Homes for independent seniors, Cedar Home Health and Hospice administrative offices and the Benevolent Corporation Cedar Community administrative offices. The organization has four other campuses:

[Wikipedia: Is It Cold in Here] "Is It Cold in Here" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music singer Joe Diffie that reached the Top Five on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) chart. It was released in December 1991 as the first single from his album "Regular Joe". The song was written by Diffie, Kerry Kurt Phillips and Danny Morrison.

[Wikipedia: International Diamond Cut Conference] The 1st International Diamond Cut Conference, held in Moscow Russia, April 23–26, 2004, brought industry leaders together to discuss diamond cut, the factor where human intervention has the most influence, yet the least understood and hardest to evaluate.

[Wikipedia: Nellie Oleson] Nellie Oleson is a fictional character in the Little House series of autobiographical children's novels written by Laura Ingalls Wilder. She was portrayed by Alison Arngrim in the NBC television show "Little House on the Prairie" (1974 to 1983), where her role is much expanded. Three different girls from Laura Ingalls Wilder's childhood; Nellie Owens, Genevieve Masters and Stella Gilbert, were the basis for the fictional Nellie Oleson.

[Wikipedia: And Another Thing... (album)] And Another Thing... is an album by 10cc bass player Graham Gouldman. Released in 2000, the album is a mix of new songs and tracks from earlier stages of Gouldman's musical career. The title is a reference to his first solo album, released in 1968: "The Graham Gouldman Thing".

[Wikipedia: Jon English] Jonathan James "Jon" English (26 March 1949 – 9 March 2016) was an English-born Australian singer, songwriter, musician and actor. He emigrated to Australia with his parents in 1961. He was an early vocalist and rhythm guitarist for Sebastian Hardie but left to take on the role of Judas Iscariot in the Australian version of the stage musical "Jesus Christ Superstar" from May 1972, which was broadcast on television. English was also a noted solo singer; his Australian top twenty hit singles include "Turn the Page", "Hollywood Seven", "Words are Not Enough", "Six Ribbons" and "Hot Town".

[Wikipedia: Van Gogh Museum] The Van Gogh Museum (] ) is an art museum dedicated to the works of Vincent van Gogh and his contemporaries in Amsterdam in the Netherlands. It is located at the Museum Square in the borough Amsterdam South, close to the Stedelijk Museum, the Rijksmuseum, and the Concertgebouw.

[Wikipedia: Pulitzer Prize for Fiction] The Pulitzer Prize for Fiction is one of the seven American Pulitzer Prizes that are annually awarded for Letters, Drama, and Music. It recognizes distinguished fiction by an American author, preferably dealing with American life, published during the preceding calendar year. As the Pulitzer Prize for the Novel, it was one of the original Pulitzers; the program was inaugurated in 1917 with seven prizes, four of which were awarded that year. (No Novel prize was awarded in 1917; the first was awarded in 1918.)

[Wikipedia: Rachel Veltri] Rachel Veltri (born February 26, 1978 in Chicago, Illinois) is an American actress and model. Veltri came to prominence on the television show, "For Love or Money". To coincide with the release of "", she posed nude for "Playboy" magazine in the December 2005 issue.

[Wikipedia: Fish House Punch] Fish House Punch is a strong, rum-based punch containing rum, cognac, and peach brandy. The drink is typically served over an ice block in a punch bowl and garnished with lemon slices.

[Wikipedia: Griffin family] The Griffin family is a cartoon family from the animated television series "Family Guy". The Griffins are a nuclear family consisting of the married couple Peter and Lois, their three children Meg, Chris, and Stewie, and their dog Brian.They live at 31 Spooner Street in the fictional town of Quahog, Rhode Island. Their family car is a red sixth-generation Ford Country Squire. They were created by Seth MacFarlane, in model of his two animated films, "The Life of Larry" and "Larry & Steve". The family debuted January 31, 1999, after Super Bowl XXXIII, in the episode "Death Has a Shadow."

[Wikipedia: Bishop of Ely] The Bishop of Ely is the ordinary of the Church of England Diocese of Ely in the Province of Canterbury. The diocese roughly covers the county of Cambridgeshire (with the exception of the Soke of Peterborough), together with a section of north-west Norfolk and has its episcopal see in the City of Ely, Cambridgeshire, where the seat is located at the Cathedral Church of the Holy Trinity. The current bishop is Stephen Conway, who signs "+Stephen Elien:" (abbreviation of the Latin adjective "Eliensis", meaning "of Ely"). The diocesan bishops now reside in Bishop's House, Ely, the former cathedral deanery. Conway became Bishop of Ely in 2010, translated from the Diocese of Salisbury where he was Bishop suffragan of Ramsbury.

[Wikipedia: Aspen Institute] The Aspen Institute is an international nonprofit think tank founded in 1950 as the Aspen Institute of Humanistic Studies. The organization is dedicated to "fostering enlightened leadership, the appreciation of timeless ideas and values, and open-minded dialogue on contemporary issues". The institute and its international partners promote the pursuit of common ground and deeper understanding in a nonpartisan and nonideological setting through regular seminars, policy programs, conferences, and leadership development initiatives. The institute is headquartered in Washington, D.C., United States, and has campuses in Aspen, Colorado (its original home) and near the shores of the Chesapeake Bay at the Wye River in Maryland. It has partner Aspen Institutes in Berlin, Rome, Madrid, Paris, Lyon, Tokyo, New Delhi, Prague, Bucharest, Mexico City, and Kiev, as well as leadership initiatives in the United States and on the African continent, India, and Central America.

[Wikipedia: Tomás Quinn] Tomás 'Mossy' Quinn (Irish: "Tomás Ó Cuinn" ) is an Irish All-Ireland winning Gaelic footballer from Dublin. He is sometimes known as Mossy Quinn. He plays his club football for St Vincents. He attended Ardscoil Rís in Marino and was the free-taker for the Dublin Senior Football Team. He has finished the last two seasons in the league as the top scorer for his county and finished as top scorer in the 2005 Championship. Quinn had been coached by former Dublin player and club-mate Jimmy Keaveney. Tomás made his debut for Dublin in the opening match of the 2003 National football league against Armagh. Quinn was part of the Dublin panel that won the All Ireland Senior Football championship in 2011. On 2 November 2012, Mossy Quinn retired from inter-county GAA. After retiring from Inter County duty Quinn was an integral part of the St Vincents team that won Dublin and Leinster SFC in 2013 and then the All Ireland Club title on St Patricks Day in Croke Park V Castlebar Mitchells. St. Vincents retained their Dublin and Leinster SFC crowns in 2014 but were beaten by eventual winners Corofin in the All Ireland Semi final in Feb 2015. Quinn again played a key role in St Vincents winning the Dublin SFC with a man of the match performance in the 2016 Final against Castleknock. He collected his 4th Leinster club title after defeating Offaly champions Rhode but Vincents were beaten by Derry champions Slaughtneil in the All Ireland Final in Feb 2017.

[Wikipedia: Wingin' It] Wingin' It (originally titled Angel on Campus prior to its debut) is a Canadian teen sitcom which aired on Family. The series was produced by Temple Street Productions in association with Family. It stars Demetrius Joyette and Dylan Everett. This show included guest-stars from other Family Channel shows such as "The Latest Buzz". It was announced that the series was renewed for a third season on June 13, 2011. Family announced that the series is not planned for a fourth season.

[Wikipedia: Stray Cat Strut] "Stray Cat Strut" is the eighth track on the Stray Cats' debut album, "Stray Cats", released in 1981 in the UK, where it peaked at No. 11. That same year it peaked at No.78 on US Dance/Disco chart, where it was released as an import record. In the US, the song was released in 1982 on "Built for Speed". The song became a hit in the US, peaking at No. 3 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. The music video for the song received extensive airplay on MTV during the channel's early days. The video consisted of band members (and extras) performing in an alley while an irate resident throws things at them. It also featured scenes from the 1949 MGM cartoon "Bad Luck Blackie".

[Wikipedia: Toshi Ichiyanagi] Toshi Ichiyanagi (一柳 慧 , Ichiyanagi Toshi , born 4 February 1933) is a Japanese composer of avant-garde music. He studied with Tomojiro Ikenouchi, Kishio Hirao, and John Cage.

[Wikipedia: Itchy &amp; Scratchy Land] "Itchy & Scratchy Land" is the fourth episode of "The Simpsons"<nowiki>'</nowiki> sixth season. It first aired on the Fox network in the United States on October 2, 1994. Wanting a perfect family vacation, the Simpson family visits Itchy & Scratchy Land. It was written by John Swartzwelder and directed by Wes Archer.

[Wikipedia: Broken Arrow (1950 film)] Broken Arrow is a western Technicolor film released in 1950. It was directed by Delmer Daves and starred James Stewart as Tom Jeffords and Jeff Chandler as Cochise. The film is based on these historical figures but fictionalizes their story in dramatized form. It was nominated for three Academy Awards, and won a Golden Globe award for "Best Film Promoting International Understanding." Film historians have said that the movie was one of the first major Westerns since the Second World War to portray the Indians sympathetically.

[Wikipedia: Earl of Callendar] Earl of Callendar was a title in the Peerage of Scotland. It was created in 1641 for James Livingston, 1st Lord Livingston of Almond, a younger son of Alexander Livingston, 1st Earl of Linlithgow, along with the subsidiary title Lord Livingston and Almond. The 4th Earl later inherited the more senior Earldom of Linlithgow from his uncle, with which title the Earldom of Callendar was merged until its forfeiture by attainder in 1716. The seat of the Earls of Callendar was Callendar House in Falkirk.

[Wikipedia: New Orleans Pelicans] The New Orleans Pelicans are an American professional basketball team based in New Orleans, Louisiana. The Pelicans compete in the National Basketball Association (NBA) as a member club of the league's Western Conference Southwest Division. The team plays their home games in the Smoothie King Center (formerly known as the New Orleans Arena).

[Wikipedia: Evan Buliung] Evan Buliung is a Canadian actor. He has played roles on stage and in musical theatre, including the role of Aragorn in the Toronto production of "Lord of the Rings", Khashoggi in "We Will Rock You", William Burke in "Bloodless: The Trial of Burke and Hare" and Pericles in the Stratford Festival's 2015 production of "The Adventures of Pericles".

[Wikipedia: The Corridor (2013 film)] The Corridor (in Persian:دهلیز; transliterated as: Dehliz) is a 2013 Iranian drama film directed by Behrouz Shoeibi. Reza Attaran and Hanieh Tavassoli play the leading roles. The film mainly deals with the Islamic concept of Qisas. This was Shoeibi's debut film. As he has been a director's assistant and an actor, he didn't have some technical problems other first film directors do. This was also one of rare performances of Reza Attaran, not in a comic role. Hanieh Tavassoli won the crystal simorgh for best actress in a leading role in 31st Fajr International Film Festival.

[Wikipedia: List of Inter Milan managers] Inter Milan is an Italian association football club based in Milan, Lombardy. The club was formed on 9 March 1908 to allow the foreign playes to play in Italy. Inter played its first competitive match on 10 January 1910 against their cross-town rivals Milan, in which they lost 3–2. The club won its very first title in 1910 – the 1909–10 Italian Football Championship. Since then, the club has won further 17 league titles, along with seven Coppa Italia and five Supercoppa Italiana. They have also been crowned champions of Europe on three occasions by winning two European Cups back-to-back in 1964 and 1965 and then another in 2010. The club experienced the most successful period in their history from 2006 to 2010, in which it won five successive league titles, equaling the all-time record at that time, by adding three Italian Cups, three Italian Supercups, one UEFA Champions League and one FIFA Club World Cup. During the 2009–10, Inter become the first and only Italian team to win the Treble and the second team to win five trophies in a calendar year.

[Wikipedia: Risiera di San Sabba] Risiera di San Sabba (Slovene: "Rižarna" ) is a five-storey brick-built compound located in Trieste, northern Italy, that functioned during World War II as a Nazi concentration camp for the detention and killing of political prisoners, and a transit camp for Jews, most of whom were then deported to Auschwitz. SS members Odilo Globocnik and Karl Frenzel, and Ivan Marchenko are all said to have participated in the killings at this camp. The cremation facilities, the only ones built inside a concentration camp in Italy, were installed by Erwin Lambert. Today, the former concentration camp operates as a civic museum.

[Wikipedia: Andrea Bocelli] Andrea Bocelli, (] ; born 22 September 1958) is an Italian classical crossover tenor, recording artist, and singer-songwriter. Born with poor eyesight, Bocelli became completely blind at the age of 12, following a football accident.

[Wikipedia: Fielding H. Yost] Fielding Harris Yost (April 30, 1871 – August 20, 1946) was an American football player, coach and college athletics administrator. He served as the head football coach at: Ohio Wesleyan University (1897), the University of Nebraska–Lincoln (1898), the University of Kansas (1899), Stanford University (1900), San Jose State University (1900), and the University of Michigan (1901–1923, 1925–1926), compiling a college football career record of 198–35–12. During his 25 seasons as the head football coach at Ann Arbor, Yost's Michigan Wolverines won six national championships, captured ten Big Ten Conference titles, and amassed a record of 165–29–10.

[Wikipedia: Line of succession to the former throne of Bhopal] The line of succession to the former throne of Bhopal, among the pre-eminent Indian principalities, was, uniquely amongst the Indian princely houses, by male-preference primogeniture in the direct family line. This principle of succession was formally established by the last Nawab of Bhopal, Hamidullah Khan, upon his confirmation as ruler of Bhopal in 1926. Since his death in 1960, the identity of the present rightful claimant to the former throne remains a matter of contention, though the claim of the descendants of his second daughter Sajida Sultan has been recognised by the Indian government and courts. As the Indian government has discontinued the official recognition of princely families since 1971, however, this question has primarily been examined since then with respect to property inheritance rights.

[Wikipedia: Kris Law] Kris Law, born Chin Chiang (or KLCC) is an internationally and critically acclaimed Malaysian film Artiste, first ASEAN commercial Actor to debut in world's biggest market (India), first Malaysian Actor to portray gay person in the media and world's first Internet viral video star celebrity. Law has appeared in Malaysian films including" Anak Mami Kembali", "1957:Hati Malaya", "Talent House" and over 20 international commercials. He has also been featured in television and stage productions. A true polymath, Law's extensive artistic range and intellectual capabilities transcend beyond performance art, design, social media and authorship. Law is the world's first person to appear in the Internet as a viral video star celebrity who successfully transitioned into an award-winning Actor with a diversified artistic career.

[Wikipedia: Mary Poppins, Goodbye] Mary Poppins, Goodbye (Russian: Мэри Поппинс, до свидания! ; translit. "Meri Poppins, do svidaniya") is a Soviet 1983 two-part musical miniseries (part 1 "Lady Perfection", part 2 "Week ends on Wednesday"), directed by Leonid Kvinikhidze. It is loosely based on Mary Poppins stories by P. L. Travers. The TV series were ordered by the Gosteleradio of USSR and produced by Mosfilm. The official television premiere was on January 8, 1984.

[Wikipedia: 1994 MTV Movie Awards] The 1994 ceremony was hosted by Will Smith. Performers included Bon Jovi, Nate Dogg & Warren G., Toni Braxton and John Mellencamp with Me'Shell NdegeOcello. In addition, the supergroup Backbeat featuring Mike Mills of R.E.M., Dave Grohl of Nirvana, Dave Pirner of Soul Asylum, Thurston Moore of Sonic Youth, Don Fleming of Gumball, and Greg Dulli of Afghan Whigs.

[Wikipedia: Theophrastus] Theophrastus ( ; Greek: Θεόφραστος "Theόphrastos"; c. 371 – c. 287 BC ), a Greek native of Eresos in Lesbos, was the successor to Aristotle in the Peripatetic school. He came to Athens at a young age and initially studied in Plato's school. After Plato's death, he attached himself to Aristotle who took to Theophrastus his writings. When Aristotle fled Athens, Theophrastus took over as head of the Lyceum. Theophrastus presided over the Peripatetic school for thirty-six years, during which time the school flourished greatly. He is often considered the "father of botany" for his works on plants. After his death, the Athenians honoured him with a public funeral. His successor as head of the school was Strato of Lampsacus.

[Wikipedia: Severe acute respiratory syndrome] Severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS) is a viral respiratory disease of zoonotic origin caused by the SARS coronavirus (SARS-CoV). Between November 2002 and July 2003, an outbreak of SARS in southern China caused an eventual 8,098 cases, resulting in 774 deaths reported in 37 countries, with the majority of cases in Hong Kong (9.6% fatality rate) according to the World Health Organization (WHO). No cases of SARS have been reported worldwide since 2004.

[Wikipedia: Winton Group] Winton Group, Ltd (which includes Winton Capital Management) is a British investment management firm founded by David Harding. It is a quantitative investment manager whose trading decisions are guided by models developed from scientific research and mathematical analysis. In the United States, Winton is registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission as an investment advisor and with the Commodity Futures Trading Commission as a CTA, and is authorised by the Financial Conduct Authority in the UK. The company trades on more than 100 global futures markets in a wide variety of asset classes and on global equity markets. The firm was launched with $1.6 million in 1997 and as of 2016 it held $32 billion in assets under advisement. Winton Group has nine offices around the world: London, Oxford, Hong Kong, New York, Shanghai, Sydney, San Francisco, Tokyo and Zurich.

[Wikipedia: Flash Best] Flash Best is the first compilation album by the Japanese electronica band Capsule. The limited release first press also included a DVD with music videos of "Flash Back", "Jumper",　"Sugarless Girl", "Glider", "Portable Airport",　"Space Station No.9" and　"Soratobu Toshikeikaku".

[Wikipedia: V.L. v. E.L.] V.L. v. E.L., 577 U.S. ___ (2016) , is a case decided by the Supreme Court of the United States concerning the adoption rights of same-sex couples. In 2007, a Georgia Superior Court granted adoption rights to V.L., the partner of E.L., the woman who gave birth to their three children. However, after moving back to Alabama, the couple split up. E.L. tried to block V.L. from seeing the children, but V.L. filed a lawsuit seeking visitation and other parental rights. On September 18, 2015, the Supreme Court of Alabama ruled that the state did not have to recognize the adoption judgment, saying that the Georgia court misapplied its own state law. The court voided the recognition of the adoption judgment in Alabama. V.L. petitioned the United States Supreme Court to stay the ruling during her appeal and allow her to see her children. On December 14, 2015, the Supreme Court stayed the ruling pending their action on a petition for a writ of certiorari filed by V.L. On March 7, 2016, the Supreme Court of the United States reversed the decision of the Alabama Supreme Court by per curiam summary disposition.

[Wikipedia: Sivaji Ganesan Memorial] Sivaji Ganesan memorial is a memorial for veteran Tamil actor Sivaji Ganesan, located in Chennai, India. It is located on Durgabai Deshmukh Road in Adyar, a southern neighbourhood of the city.

[Wikipedia: Long John Silver's] Long John Silver's LLC is an American fast-food restaurant chain that specializes in seafood. The brand's name is derived from the novel "Treasure Island" by Robert Louis Stevenson, in which the pirate "Long John" Silver is one of the main characters. Formerly a division of Yum! Brands, Inc., the company was divested to a group of franchisees in September 2011.

[Wikipedia: Zach Woods] Zach Woods (born September 25, 1984) is an American actor and comedian. He is best known for starring as Jared Dunn on the HBO comedy series "Silicon Valley". Prior to that, he was a series regular for 3 seasons on the NBC sitcom "The Office", playing the role of Gabe Lewis. He also recurs on the HBO series "Veep" and on the USA Network sitcom "Playing House".

[Wikipedia: TIA-598-C] The Telecommunications Industry Association's TIA-598-C Optical Fiber Cable Color Coding, is an American National Standard, that provides all necessary information for color-coding optical fiber cables in a uniform manner. It defines identification schemes for fibers, buffered fibers, fiber units, and groups of fiber units within outside plant and premises optical fiber cables. This standard allows for fiber units to be identified by means of a printed legend. This method can be used for identification of fiber ribbons and fiber subunits. The legend will contain a corresponding printed numerical position number and/or color for use in identification.

[Wikipedia: FC Kaluga] FC Kaluga (Russian: ФК Калуга ) is an association football club from Kaluga, Russia, founded in 2009. The Club is playing in the Russian Professional Football League. The team appeared after uniting two football Clubs from Kaluga: FC MiK Kaluga and FC Lokomotiv Kaluga. The two teams finished 1st and 2d in Russian Amateur Football League Chernozemic Zone championship in 2009 and Kaluga faced the opportunity to promote a football club that could represent the City to Russian Professional Football League so the two teams were united.

[Wikipedia: Jetstar Airways] Jetstar Airways Pty Ltd, trading as Jetstar, is an Australian low-cost airline (self-described as "value based") headquartered in Melbourne. It is a wholly owned subsidiary of Qantas, created in response to the threat posed by low-cost airline Virgin Blue. Jetstar is part of Qantas' two brand strategy of having Qantas Airways for the premium full-service market and Jetstar for the low-cost market. Jetstar carries 8.5% of all passengers travelling in and out of Australia.

[Wikipedia: Malagasy presidential election, 1965] Presidential elections were held for the first time in Madagascar on 30 March 1965. Incumbent President Philibert Tsiranana of the Social Democratic Party dominated the campaign and was elected with 97.2% of the voter.

[Wikipedia: Salad bar] A salad bar is a buffet-style table or counter at a restaurant or food market on which salad components are provided for customers to assemble their own salad plates. Most salad bars provide lettuce, chopped tomatoes, assorted raw, sliced vegetables (such as cucumbers, carrots, celery, olives and green or red bell peppers), dried bread croutons, bacon bits, shredded cheese, and various types of salad dressing. Some salad bars also have additional food items such as cooked cold meats, (turkey, chicken, ham, or tuna), cooked beans (e.g., chick peas, garbanzo beans or kidney beans), boiled eggs, cottage cheese, cold pasta salads, tortilla chips, bread rolls, soup, and fresh cut fruit slices.

[Wikipedia: Daniel Johns] Daniel Paul Johns (born 22 April 1979) is an Australian musician, singer, and songwriter. Best known as the former front man of the rock band Silverchair, Johns is also one half of The Dissociatives with Paul Mac and, in 2007, was ranked at number 18 on "Rolling Stone"' s list of The 25 Most Under-rated Guitarists.

[Wikipedia: Self-pollination] Self-pollination is when pollen from the same plant arrives at the stigma of a flower (in flowering plants) or at the ovule (in Gymnosperms). There are two types of self-pollination: In autogamy, pollen is transferred to the stigma of the same flower. In geitonogamy, pollen is transferred from the anther of one flower to the stigma of another flower on the same flowering plant, or from microsporangium to ovule within a single (monoecious) Gymnosperm. Some plants have mechanisms that ensure autogamy, such as flowers that do not open (cleistogamy), or stamens that move to come into contact with the stigma. The term selfing that is often used as a synonym, is not limited to self-pollination, but also applies to other types of self fertilization.

[Wikipedia: CNN-IBN Indian of the Year] The CNN-News18 Indian of the Year (originally CNN-IBN Indian of the Year) is an award presented annually to various Indians for their work in their respective fields by the Indian media house CNN-News18. The awards are presented in various categories of Politics, Sports, Business, Entertainment, Public Service and Global Indian. It is the brainchild of world-renowned journalists Padmashri Rajdeep Sardesai and Sagarika Ghose.

[Wikipedia: Abdul Qadir (cricketer, born 1955)] Abdul Qadir Khan (Urdu: ‎ , born 15 September 1955 in Lahore) is a former Pakistani international cricketer whose main role was as a leg spin bowler. Later he was a commentator and Chief Selector of the Pakistan Cricket Board, from which post he resigned because of differences with the top brass of Pakistan cricket. Qadir appeared in 67 Test and 104 One Day International (ODI) matches between 1977 and 1993, and captained the Pakistan cricket team in five ODIs. In Test cricket, his best performance for a series was 30 wickets for 437 runs, against England in 1987. His best bowling figures for an innings were nine wickets for 56 against the same team at the Gaddafi Stadium. In ODIs, his best bowling figures were five wickets for 44 runs against Sri Lanka during the 1983 Cricket World Cup. He was a member of the Pakistani team in the 1983 and 1987 Cricket World Cups. Yahoo! Cricket described Qadir as "a master of the leg-spin" who "mastered the googlies, the flippers, the leg-breaks and the topspins." He is widely regarded as a top spin bowler of his generation and was included in Richie Benaud's Greatest XI shortlist of an imaginary cricket team from the best players available from all countries and eras. Former English captain Graham Gooch said that "Qadir was even finer than Shane Warne".

[Wikipedia: Craig Melville] Craig James Melville is an Australian television comedy director. He is best known for his collaborations with comedians John Safran, Lawrence Leung and The Chaser.

[Wikipedia: Bow Interchange] Bow Interchange is a busy grade-separated road junction on the East Cross Route (part of the A12 road) between Bow and Stratford in east London, England. It is a triple-level junction where the A12, Bow Road (the A11 road), and Stratford High Street (the A118 road) meet. The River Lea runs underneath the junction.

[Wikipedia: Entertainment Studios] Entertainment Studios is an independent television production and distribution company that was founded by comedian Byron Allen in 1993 under the name CF Entertainment. The company produces and distributes first-run television series for U.S. television syndication. It also operates six digital cable and satellite channels, which broadcast a mix of original program content and syndicated programs that the company distributes for broadcast television through its Entertainment Studios Networks subsidiary. It produces and distributes films through the company's Freestyle Releasing film studio subsidiary and also owns The Grio, a news content provider catering to African-Americans.

[Wikipedia: 2014 US Open Series] In tennis, the 2014 US Open Series (known as Emirates Airline US Open Series for sponsorship reasons) was the eleventh edition of the US Open Series, which included nine hard court tournaments that started on July 21, 2014 in Atlanta and concluded in Winston-Salem for the men and in New Haven for the women on August 23, 2014. This edition consisted of four separate men's tournaments and three women's tournaments, with the Western & Southern Open hosting both a men's and women's event. The series was headlined by two ATP World Tour Masters 1000 and two WTA Premier 5 events. Milos Raonic and Serena Williams were the US Open Series champions in 2014. Serena Williams improved the biggest payout in professional tennis history record which she previously shared with Rafael Nadal. The new record was then set at $4 million.

[Wikipedia: I Want a Hippopotamus for Christmas] "I Want a Hippopotamus for Christmas" is a Christmas novelty song written by John Rox (1902–1957) and performed by Gayla Peevey (10 years old at the time) in 1953. The song peaked at number 24 on "Billboard" magazine's pop chart in December 1953.

[Wikipedia: Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago Detroit Branch] The Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago Detroit Branch Office is one of two branch offices of the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago. It is part of the 7th district and its code is 7-G. It is currently located at 1600 East Warren Avenue, near I-75 in Detroit's Eastern Market Historic District. The office occupies 17 acre and cost $80 million to build. The Detroit branch was founded in 1927 and is currently headed by Robert Wiley.

[Wikipedia: Commit This to Memory] Commit This to Memory is the second studio album by American rock band Motion City Soundtrack. Produced by Mark Hoppus, the album was released on June 7, 2005, in the United States by Epitaph Records. Motion City Soundtrack, formed in 1997, had first found success with their debut album, "I Am the Movie" (2002). The band toured in the interim years, creating positive word-of-mouth. In 2004, the band joined Blink-182 on the road for a string of shows, which led to their bassist, Mark Hoppus, joining the band in the studio for his first producing effort.

[Wikipedia: The Royal Hunt of the Sun (film)] The Royal Hunt of the Sun is a 1969 British-American epic historical Drama film based on the play of the same name by Peter Shaffer. It stars Robert Shaw as Francisco Pizarro and Christopher Plummer as the Inca leader Atahualpa. Plummer appeared in stage versions of the play before appearing in the film, which was shot in Latin America and Spain. The film and play are based on the Spanish conquest of Peru by Pizarro in 1530.

[Wikipedia: Austral Líneas Aéreas destinations] Following is a list of destinations currently served by Austral Líneas Aéreas, as of 2013 . Each destination is provided with the country name, the name of the airport served, and both its International Air Transport Association (IATA) three-letter designator (IATA airport code) and its International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) four-letter designator (ICAO airport code). The list also includes the airports that serve either as a hub or as a focus city for the carrier. Terminated destinations are additionally presented.

[Wikipedia: Jane Marcus] Jane Marcus (1938–2015) was a pioneering feminist literary scholar, specializing in women writers of the Modernist era, but especially in the social and political context of their writings. Focusing on Virginia Woolf, Rebecca West, and Nancy Cunard, among many others, she devised groundbreaking analyses of Woolf's writings, upending a generation of criticism that ignored feminist, pacifist, and socialist themes in much of Woolf's work and critique of imperialism and bourgeois society. Marcus's understanding of Woolf's place within the larger context of English literature has become prevailing wisdom today in the fields affected by her theorization and research, despite the controversial nature of her positions when they were originally formulated and how much opposition she garnered from earlier scholars and critics.

[Wikipedia: Pseudorabies] Aujeszky's disease, usually called pseudorabies in the United States, is a viral disease in swine that has been endemic in most parts of the world. It is caused by "Suid herpesvirus 1" (SuHV1). Aujeszky's disease is considered to be the most economically important viral disease of swine in areas where hog cholera has been eradicated. Other mammals, such as humans, cattle, sheep, goats, cats, dogs, and raccoons, are also susceptible. The disease is usually fatal in these animal species bar humans.

[Wikipedia: Tiger Arena] Tiger Arena is a 6,000-seat multi-purpose arena in Savannah, Georgia, United States. It is home to the Savannah State University Tigers basketball and volleyball teams. Tiger Arena has previously hosted the Georgia High School Association boys and girls playoffs (first round), the annual Georgia Athletic Coaches Association's North-South All-Star Game (2003-2008), and the Savannah Holiday Classic high school girls basketball tournament. It is also home to the Savannah Steam of American Indoor Football.

[Wikipedia: AISSMS College of Pharmacy] AISSMS College of Pharmacy, Pune is a Pharmacy college affiliated to the AICTE, PCI, New Delhi and University of Pune, India. It was established in 1996. AISSMS COP is among the top Pharmacy colleges in the private sector in Maharashtra. AISSMS (All India Shri Shivaji Memorial Society) is an Institute founded by Chattrapati Shri Shahu Maharaj and H. H. Shri Madhavraoji Scindia. AISSMS college of Pharmacy is located close to the Regional Transport Office and shares its campus with an Engineering college and Business School. At present, the following courses are conducted at the institution-Bachelor of Pharmacy (B.Pharm),Masters in Pharmacy (M.Pharm). Recently AISSMS COP has been recognized as a PhD institute. The college is located on 72,000 sq. ft of land.

[Wikipedia: Fire Away (song)] "Fire Away" is a song recorded by American singer-songwriter Chris Stapleton for his studio album "Traveller" (2015). It was written by Stapleton and Danny Green. The song's accompanying music video was released on February 26, 2016.

[Wikipedia: Holiday Bowl] The Holiday Bowl is a post-season NCAA Division I Football Bowl Subdivision college football bowl game that has been played annually since 1978 at Qualcomm Stadium in San Diego, California, United States. Since the 2014 edition, it has featured a matchup of Pac-12 and Big Ten teams.

[Wikipedia: Scott Dixon (boxer)] "Super" Scott Dixon ( (1976--) 28 1976 (age (2017)-(1976)-((11)<(09)or(11)==(09)and(30)<(28)) ) ) born in Hamilton is a Scottish professional feather/super feather/light/light welter/welter/light middle/middle/super middleweight boxer of the 1990s, 2000s and 2010s, who won the British Boxing Board of Control (BBBofC) Scottish Area welterweight title, World Boxing Board (WBB) welterweight title, World Boxing Union (German Version) super middleweight title, and Commonwealth welterweight title, and was a challenger for the World Athletic Association (WAA) welterweight title against Michael Carruth, BBBofC British welterweight title against Derek Roche, World Boxing Federation (WBF) light middleweight title against Steve Roberts, World Boxing Organization (WBO) Inter-Continental light middleweight title against Anthony Farnell, and World Boxing Union (WBU) light middleweight title against Mehrdad Takalobigashi, his professional fighting weight varied from 125 lb , i.e. featherweight to 167+1/2 lb , i.e. Super middleweight.

[Wikipedia: Bangiya Gramin Vikash Bank] Bangiya Gramin Vikash Bank (BGVB) is a premier Regional Rural Bank established in terms of provisions of Regional Rural Banks Act 1976 & is sponsored by United Bank of India. BGVB has been established with the amalgamation of erstwhile Mallabhum Gramin Bank, Gaur Gramin Bank, Murshidabad Gramin Bank, Nadia Gramin Bank and Sagar Gramin Bank. This bank is sponsored by United Bank of India & Owned by Govt. of India (50% of Share Capital Deposit), Govt. of West Bengal (15% of Share Capital Deposit) and United Bank of India (35% of Share Capital Deposit).

[Wikipedia: June Martino] June Martino (August 10, 1917 – January 29, 2005) was an American businesswoman who became Ray Kroc’s bookkeeper in 1948 and ultimately rose to Corporate Secretary, Treasurer, Director, and part-owner of McDonald’s Corporation.

[Wikipedia: Calabrian black squirrel] The Calabrian black squirrel ("Sciurus meridionalis") is a species of tree squirrel in the genus "Sciurus", endemic to the forests of the regions of Calabria and Basilicata, in the south of the Italian Peninsula. It has been long considered a subspecies of "Sciurus vulgaris", the Eurasian red squirrel, but a 2017 scientific survey brought genetic evidence of being a distinct species.

[Wikipedia: Mega Man 9] Mega Man 9, known in Japan as Rockman 9: Yabō no Fukkatsu!! (ロックマン9 野望の復活!! , Rokkuman Nain Yabō no Fukkatsu!! , lit. "Rockman 9: Revival of Ambition!!") , is an action-platform video game developed by Capcom and Inti Creates. It is the ninth numbered game in the original "Mega Man" series. "Mega Man 9" is the first, new home console game in the original "Mega Man" series since "Mega Man 8" and "Mega Man & Bass", which were released at least one decade earlier. "Mega Man 9" was the first game in the series not to have a physical release, and was initially released only on the downloadable gaming services WiiWare, PlayStation Network (PSN), and Xbox Live Arcade (XBLA). In June 2017, it was announced that Mega Man 9 and 10 would have a physical release with their inclusion in Mega Man Legacy Collection 2 for PlayStation 4, Xbox One and PC.

[Wikipedia: Juergen M. Geissinger] Jürgen M. Geissinger (born July 24, 1959) is a German technology business executive and Chief Executive Officer of "Senvion S.A.", a Hamburg based wind turbine manufacturer. Geissinger is best known for his role as the Chief Executive of Schaeffler Technologies AG & Co. KG, a technology conglomerate known for its bearing solutions and precision components for engine and transmission systems for automotive, as well as industrial and aerospace applications. During Geissinger’s tenure as CEO, annual sales have risen more than fivefold. Schaeffler AG, employing over 76,000 people across 180 locations in 50 countries, with annual sales of $14 billion, is also the controlling shareholder of Continental AG with 49.9% of its shares.

[Wikipedia: Shane and Friends] Shane and Friends is an American audio podcast created by YouTuber Shane Dawson, starring him and his friend Jessie Buttafuoco (originally his producer, Lauren Schnipper) and Drew Monson. The podcast premiered on June 5, 2013 on SoundCloud and iTunes. The show focuses on Dawson and co-host Jessie Buttafuoco discussing events happening in popular culture, their personal lives, and those of other celebrities. They also interview various celebrities such as Jennette McCurdy, Jamie Kennedy, Eugenia Cooney, Joey Graceffa, CupcakKe, Aislinn Paul, Chris Crocker, Dita von Teese, and Farrah Abraham.

[Wikipedia: Arthurdale, West Virginia] Arthurdale is an unincorporated community in Preston County, West Virginia, United States. Arthurdale was named for Richard Arthur, former owner of the land on which it was built, who had sold the land to the federal government under a tax default.

[Wikipedia: Zeb Wells] Zeb Wells is an American comic book writer known for his work at Marvel Comics, as well as his work on the animated TV series "Robot Chicken".

[Wikipedia: Dandelion Family] Dandelion Family () is a 2010 South Korean weekend family drama series starring Song Seon-mi, Maya, Lee Yoon-ji, Jung Chan, Jung Woo, Kim Dong-wook, Yoo Dong-geun and Yang Mi-kyung. It aired on MBC from January 30 to July 25, 2010 on Saturdays and Sundays at 19:55 for 50 episodes.

[Wikipedia: Chip Maxwell] Chip Maxwell (born August 10, 1962) is an American politician from the state of Nebraska. A member of the Republican Party, Maxwell served in the unicameral Nebraska Legislature from 2001 to 2005 and on the Douglas County Board of Commissioners from 2005 to 2009. He stated that he would run in the Republican Party primary election for the U.S. House of Representatives in Nebraska's 2nd congressional district in the 2016 Election.

[Wikipedia: Melody Time] Melody Time (working title All in Fun) is a 1948 American live-action animated film and the 10th theatrically released animated feature produced by Walt Disney. It was released to theatres by RKO Radio Pictures on May 27, 1948. Made up of several sequences set to popular music and folk music, the film is, like "Make Mine Music" before it, the popular music version of "Fantasia" (an ambitious film that proved to be a commercial disappointment upon its original theatrical release). "Melody Time", while not meeting the artistic accomplishments of "Fantasia", was mildly successful. It is the fifth Disney package film following "Saludos Amigos", "The Three Caballeros", "Make Mine Music", and "Fun and Fancy Free".

[Wikipedia: Boletus edulis] Boletus edulis (English: penny bun, cep, porcino or porcini) is a basidiomycete fungus, and the type species of the genus "Boletus". Widely distributed in the Northern Hemisphere across Europe, Asia, and North America, it does not occur naturally in the Southern Hemisphere, although it has been introduced to southern Africa, Australia, and New Zealand. Several closely related European mushrooms formerly thought to be varieties or forms of "B. edulis" have been shown using molecular phylogenetic analysis to be distinct species, and others previously classed as separate species are conspecific with this species. The western North American species commonly known as the California king bolete ("Boletus edulis" var. "grandedulis") is a large, darker-coloured variant first formally identified in 2007.

[Wikipedia: Mundawar] Mundawar (Hindi: मुंडावर) is a Tehsil in Alwar District in Rajasthan State. Mundawar is 40 km far from its District Headquarter Alwar. It is 140  km far from its State Capital Jaipur. Mundawar part of Ahirwal region.

[Wikipedia: Helmsley Building] The Helmsley Building is a 35-story building located at 230 Park Avenue between East 45th and East 46th Streets in Midtown Manhattan, New York City, which was built in 1929 as the New York Central Building, and was designed by Warren & Wetmore, the architects of Grand Central Terminal, in the Beaux-Arts style. Before the erection of the Pan Am Building – now the MetLife Building – this building stood out over the city's second most prestigious avenue as the tallest structure in the great "Terminal City" complex around Grand Central.

[Wikipedia: Nevada State Route 602] State Route 602 (SR 602) is a short state highway in Clark County, Nevada. Located entirely within the downtown area of Las Vegas, it comprises a small section of Casino Center Boulevard. The route was previously a part of State Route 5B. The highway now primarily serves as a connection between State Route 579 and Interstate 515.

[Wikipedia: Macau International Airport] Macau International Airport (IATA: MFM, ICAO: VMMC) (Portuguese: Aeroporto Internacional de Macau ), is an international airport in the special administrative region of Macau, situated at the eastern end of Taipa island and neighbouring waters which opened for commercial operations on 9 November 1995, during Portuguese administration of the region. Since then the airport has been a common transfer point for people traveling between the Mainland and Taiwan, as well as a passenger hub for destinations in mainland China and Southeast Asia. During 2006, the airport handled 5 million passengers and 220,000 tonnes of cargo.

[Wikipedia: Nathalie, Virginia] Nathalie is a census-designated place (CDP) in Halifax County, Virginia, United States, in the south central region of the state. The population as of the 2010 Census was 183. Located at (36.9348619, -78.9472347), at an altitude of 554 feet (169 m), it lies along Road 603 north of the town of Halifax, the county seat of Halifax County. It received its name in 1890 or 1891, being named after Natalie Otey (not "Nathalie"), daughter of Mrs. Rebecca Wimbish, an important local landowner. Prior to that time, the village at this location was considered to be a part of the Nathaniel Barksdale plantation. It had included a church since 1773 (the first Catawba Baptist Church) and a post office since 1828. This post office continues to operate today with the ZIP code of 24577. The population of the ZCTA for ZIP code 24577 was 5,529 at the 2000 census.

[Wikipedia: 1958 NBA Finals] The 1958 NBA World Championship Series was the championship series for the 1957–58 National Basketball Association (NBA) season, and the conclusion of the season's playoffs. It pitted the Western Division champion St. Louis Hawks against the Eastern Division champion Boston Celtics. The Hawks won the series in six games to win the club's first and so far only NBA championship title.

[Wikipedia: Sports in Boston] Boston, the capital city of the U.S. state of Massachusetts and largest city in New England, is home to several major league sports teams, including the Red Sox (baseball), the Celtics (basketball) and the Bruins (ice hockey). The New England Patriots (American football) and the New England Revolution (soccer) play at Gillette Stadium in nearby Foxborough, Massachusetts. Several Boston-area colleges and universities are also active in college athletics.

[Wikipedia: Life After Death] Life After Death is the second and final studio album by American rapper The Notorious B.I.G., released on March 25, 1997, on Bad Boy Records and Arista Records. A double album, it was released posthumously following his death on March 9, 1997. It features collaborations with guest artists such as 112, Jay-Z, Lil' Kim, Mase, Bone Thugs-n-Harmony, Too $hort, Angela Winbush, D.M.C. of Run-D.M.C., R. Kelly, The LOX and Puff Daddy. "Life After Death" exhibits The Notorious B.I.G. further delving into the mafioso rap subgenre. The album is a sequel to his first album, "Ready to Die", and picks up where the last song, "Suicidal Thoughts", ends.

[Wikipedia: Splash (film)] Splash is a 1984 American fantasy romantic comedy film directed by Ron Howard, written by Lowell Ganz and Babaloo Mandel, and starring Tom Hanks, Daryl Hannah, John Candy, and Eugene Levy. The film involves a young man who falls in love with a mysterious woman who is secretly a mermaid. The film was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay. The original music score was composed by Lee Holdridge.

[Wikipedia: Heavy Trash] Heavy Trash is an American rockabilly band based in New York City, formed by Jon Spencer of The Jon Spencer Blues Explosion and Matt Verta-Ray (formerly of New York bands Madder Rose and Speedball Baby). The band's music draws from an eclectic mix of genres, including rock & roll, rockabilly, blues, alternative country, and garage rock or garage punk. They are currently signed to Yep Roc Records, Bronzerat Records and Crunchy Frog Records.

[Wikipedia: Royal Moroccan Athletics Federation] The Royal Moroccan Athletics Federation ("Fédération Royale Marocaine d’Athlétisme", FRMA) is Morocco's governing body for the sport of athletics. It was established in 1957 and has been affiliated to the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF) since 1958. It is also a member of the Confederation of African Athletics since 1973.

[Wikipedia: Alexander Arbuthnot (politician)] Alexander Arbuthnot of Knox, Sr (1654–1705) was a Scottish politician. He represented Kincardineshire as Commissioner to the Parliament of Scotland, from 1689 to 1702. Second son of Robert Arbuthnott, 1st Viscount of Arbuthnott. Married first Margaret Barclay. Married second Jean Scott. He served as tutor to the children of his brother Robert Arbuthnot, 2nd Viscount of Arbuthnott. He should not be confused with Alexander Arbuthnot, an advocate and Provost who represented Bervie from 1703 to 1707.

[Wikipedia: Harlequin] Harlequin ( ; Italian: "Arlecchino" ] , French: "Arlequin" ] , Old French "Harlequin") is the best-known of the "zanni" or comic servant characters from the Italian "Commedia dell'arte". The role is traditionally believed to have been introduced by Zan Ganassa in the late 16th century, and was definitively popularized by the Italian actor Tristano Martinelli in Paris in 1584–1585 and became a stock character after Martinelli's death in 1630.

[Wikipedia: Angelina Jolie] Angelina Jolie Pitt ( ; née Voight; born June 4, 1975) is an American actress, filmmaker, and humanitarian. She has received an Academy Award, two Screen Actors Guild Awards, and three Golden Globe Awards, and has been cited as Hollywood's highest-paid actress. Jolie made her screen debut as a child alongside her father, Jon Voight, in "Lookin' to Get Out" (1982). Her film career began in earnest a decade later with the low-budget production "Cyborg 2" (1993), followed by her first leading role in a major film, "Hackers" (1995). She starred in the critically acclaimed biographical cable films "George Wallace" (1997) and "Gia" (1998), and won an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her performance in the drama "Girl, Interrupted" (1999).

[Wikipedia: Religion in Africa] Religion in Africa is multifaceted and has been a major influence on art, culture and philosophy. Today, the continent's various populations and individuals are mostly adherents of Christianity, Islam, and to a lesser extent several Traditional African religions. In Christian or Islamic communities, religious beliefs are also sometimes characterized with syncretism with the beliefs and practices of traditional religions.

[Wikipedia: Bell Media Radio] Bell Media Radio is the Canadian radio broadcasting division of Bell Media which is owned by BCE Inc. The division owns the bulk of the radio properties owned by CHUM Limited in 2007 when it was purchased by CTVglobemedia (now Bell Media), and Astral Media when it was purchased by Bell in 2013.

[Wikipedia: Tim Jorgensen] Timothy Scott Jorgensen (born November 30, 1972) is a former professional baseball player and high school baseball coach. As a college baseball player for the University of Wisconsin–Oshkosh, Jorgensen set Division III all-time records for most home runs in a single season and for most career home runs. He played professional baseball until 1999 and was later inducted into the National College Baseball Hall of Fame.

[Wikipedia: Draize test] The Draize Test is an acute toxicity test devised in 1944 by Food and Drug Administration (FDA) toxicologists John H. Draize and Jacob M. Spines. Initially used for testing cosmetics, the procedure involves applying 0.5mL or 0.5g of a test substance to the eye or skin of a restrained, conscious animal, and then leaving it for set amount of time before rinsing it out and recording its effects. The animals are observed for up to 14 days for signs of erythema and edema in the skin test, and redness, swelling, discharge, ulceration, hemorrhaging, cloudiness, or blindness in the tested eye. The test subject is commonly an albino rabbit, though other species are used too, including dogs. The animals are euthanized after testing if the test renders irreversible damage to the eye or skin. Animals may be re-used for testing purposes if the product tested causes no permanent damage. Animals are typically reused after a "wash out" period during which all traces of the tested product are allowed to disperse from the test site.

[Wikipedia: Gothic War (535–554)] The Gothic War between the Eastern Roman (Byzantine) Empire during the reign of Emperor Justinian I and the Ostrogothic Kingdom of Italy took place from 535 until 554 in Italy, Dalmatia, Sardinia, Sicily and Corsica. Historians commonly divide the war into two phases:

[Wikipedia: Qontis] Qontis is a Switzerland based online personal finance management (PFM) platform. The service is part of a commercial enterprise between the "Neue Zürcher Zeitung" media property and e-banking solutions provider Crealogix. The platform provides users with the ability to document and organize data from all instances of private income and expenditures. Qontis' CEO (chief executive officer) is Christian Bieri, who formerly served as the Austrian Country Manager and CEE for the Vienna branch of Avaloq Evolution AG. The company's CMO (chief marketing officer) is Nils Reimelt, the former digital director at Ringier Axel Springer Media AG.

[Wikipedia: Here's the Thing] Here's the Thing is a public radio show and podcast interview series hosted by actor Alec Baldwin. On October 24, 2011, New York City's WNYC released the first episode of Baldwin's podcast, a series of interviews with public figures including artists, policy makers and performers. "Here's the Thing" was developed for Baldwin by Lu Olkowski, Trey Kay, Kathy Russo and Emily Botein.

[Wikipedia: List of Miami Marlins seasons] The Miami Marlins (originally the Florida Marlins from 1993 until 2011) are a professional baseball team that has been based in Miami Gardens, Florida since becoming an expansion team in . The Marlins are a member of both the Major League Baseball's (MLB) National League Eastern Division and the National League (NL) itself. For the first 19 seasons, the Marlins played their home games at Sun Life Stadium. Beginning with the season, the Marlins play home games at Marlins Park in Little Havana.

[Wikipedia: Beaconsfield Street tram stop] Beaconsfield Street is a tram stop on Nottingham Express Transit (NET), in the city of Nottingham suburb of Hyson Green. The tram stop opened on 9 March 2004, along with NET's initial system. It is located on a one way section of the tramway, and is served only by northbound trams; the nearest southbound stop is the Radford Road tram stop. The tram stop is located on street track in Noel Street at its junction with Beaconsfield Street. Noel Street is at this point one way northbound, and the stop has a single side platform flanking the single track.

[Wikipedia: Gary Elkerton] Gary Elkerton (born 21 August 1964), known as Kong is an Australian surfer, three time world masters champion (2000–01, 2003), three time world professional runner-up (1987, 1990, 1993), twice Hawaiian Triple Crown champion (1987, 1989) and Australian amateur champion (1984). He is regarded as an iconic big-wave rider and is highly respected by his peers for his unique, powerful surfing style. In 2009, Gary was inducted into the Australian Surfing Hall of Fame.

[Wikipedia: 2010 PDC World Darts Championship] The 2010 Ladbrokes.com World Darts Championship was the 17th World Championship organised by the Professional Darts Corporation since it separated from the British Darts Organisation. The event took place at Alexandra Palace in London from 18 December 2009 to 3 January 2010.

[Wikipedia: Cher] Cher ( ; born Cherilyn Sarkisian; May 20, 1946) is an American singer and actress. Sometimes referred to as the Goddess of Pop, she has been described as embodying female autonomy in a male-dominated industry. She is known for her distinctive contralto singing voice and for having worked in numerous areas of entertainment, as well as adopting a variety of styles and appearances during her five-decade-long career.

[Wikipedia: Kiang] The kiang ("Equus kiang") is the largest of the wild asses. It is native to the Tibetan Plateau, where it inhabits montane and alpine grasslands. Its current range is restricted to Ladakh in Jammu and Kashmir, plains of the Tibetan plateau and northern Nepal along the Tibetan border. Other common names for this species include Tibetan wild ass, khyang and gorkhar.

[Wikipedia: Weighted correlation network analysis] Weighted correlation network analysis, also known as weighted gene co-expression network analysis (WGCNA), is a widely used data mining method especially for studying biological networks based on pairwise correlations between variables. While it can be applied to most high-dimensional data sets, it has been most widely used in genomic applications. It allows one to define modules (clusters), intramodular hubs, and network nodes with regard to module membership, to study the relationships between co-expression modules, and to compare the network topology of different networks (differential network analysis). WGCNA can be used as data reduction technique (related to oblique factor analysis ), as clustering method (fuzzy clustering), as feature selection method (e.g. as gene screening method), as framework for integrating complementary (genomic) data (based on weighted correlations between quantitative variables), and as data exploratory technique. Although WGCNA incorporates traditional data exploratory techniques, its intuitive network language and analysis framework transcend any standard analysis technique. Since it uses network methodology and is well suited for integrating complementary genomic data sets, it can be interpreted as systems biologic or systems genetic data analysis method. By selecting intramodular hubs in consensus modules, WGCNA also gives rise to network based meta analysis techniques

[Wikipedia: UFC 70] UFC 70: Nations Collide was the second UFC event held in the United Kingdom, and the first in Manchester on Saturday, April 21, 2007. "UFC 70" was also only the seventh UFC event held outside the United States, and the first since "UFC 38". The card was broadcast live on pay-per-view in the United Kingdom and Ireland on Setanta Sports.

[Wikipedia: Sonja Henie] Sonja Henie (8 April 1912 – 12 October 1969) was a Norwegian figure skater and film star. She was a three-time Olympic Champion (1928, 1932, 1936) in Ladies' Singles, a ten-time World Champion (1927–1936) and a six-time European Champion (1931–1936). Henie won more Olympic and World titles than any other ladies' figure skater. At the height of her acting career, she was one of the highest paid stars in Hollywood and starred in a series of box-office hits, including "Thin Ice" (1937), "My Lucky Star" (1938), "Second Fiddle" (1939) and "Sun Valley Serenade" (1941).

[Wikipedia: International Harvester S-Series] The International Harvester S-Series is a range of trucks that was manufactured by International Harvester (later Navistar International) from 1977 to 2001. Introduced to consolidate the medium-duty IHC Loadstar and heavy-duty IHC Fleetstar into a single product range, the S-Series was slotted below the Transtar and Paystar Class 8 conventionals.

[Wikipedia: Audubon National Wildlife Refuge] Audubon National Wildlife Refuge is a 14739 acre National Wildlife Refuge in the U.S. state of North Dakota. The refuge is managed by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service and is the centerpiece of the Audubon National Wildlife Refuge Complex, which includes numerous other refuges in the region. Originally designated as the Snake Creek National Wildlife Refuge in 1955, the refuge was renamed in 1967 in honor of the artist and naturalist John James Audubon. Most of the refuge area is a lake known as Audubon Lake which is managed by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers.

[Wikipedia: Katrina Honeyman] Katrina Honeyman (18 June 1950 – 23 October 2011) was a British economic historian and Professor of Social and Economic History at the University of Leeds. Much of her work focused on the role of women and children in industrialisation in Britain.

[Wikipedia: Wag Kang Lilingon] Wag Kang Lilingon (English: Don't Turn Away; more specifically Don't Look Back) is a 2006 Filipino Supernatural horror film produced by Star Cinema and Viva Films starring Anne Curtis and Kristine Hermosa. The movie is directed by Jerry Lopez Sineneng and Quark Henares. This is the first movie produced by Viva Films and Star Cinema years after Viva split from ABS-CBN in 2001.

[Wikipedia: Birstall, West Yorkshire] Birstall is a village and part of the town of Batley in the metropolitan borough of Kirklees, West Yorkshire, England. It is part of Birstall and Birkenshaw ward which had a population of 16,298 at the 2011 census. Historically in the West Riding of Yorkshire, it is situated close to the M62 motorway, approximately 6 mi south-west of Leeds. The village is situated between Leeds, Bradford, Huddersfield and Wakefield.

[Wikipedia: Singapore Airlines Cargo] Singapore Airlines Cargo (abbreviated as SIA Cargo) is a cargo airline based in Singapore. It is a subsidiary of Singapore Airlines and was incorporated in 2001. SIA Cargo operates seven dedicated freighter aircraft and also manages the bellyhold of all NokScoot, Singapore Airlines, Scoot and SilkAir aircraft. Its head office is on the fifth floor of the SATS Airfreight Terminal 5 at Singapore Changi Airport.

[Wikipedia: Liquifury] Liquifury is the fourth studio album by the heavy metal band Hurricane. It was released in 2001 on Frontiers Records. The album arrived eleven years after the band's previous release, and it can be considered a "reunion" effort from the band, although two of the original four band members are absent.

[Wikipedia: Elio Fox] Elio Fox is an American professional poker player whose first World Series of Poker (WSOP) in the money finish was the 2011 World Series of Poker Europe main event that he won. He has played online, where he is a high-stakes No limit Texas hold'em rebuy specialist, since 2009 but had his first notable live play results in 2011. Prior to the World Series of Poker bracelet that he won at the 2011 WSOP Europe, his best live event finish was the 224-player $10,000 + $300 July 12 – 19, 2011 Bellagio Cup VII victory for a prize of $669,692. The event's final table included Ted Forrest, William Thorson and Brandon Cantu. Fox' other previous live event victory was the 251-player $1,590 June 24 – 26, 2011 Venetian Deep Stack Extravaganza III No-Limit Hold'em Event 30 for a prize of $87,192.

[Wikipedia: Nuclear weapons testing] Nuclear weapons tests are experiments carried out to determine the effectiveness, yield, and explosive capability of nuclear weapons. Throughout the twentieth century, most nations that developed nuclear weapons tested them. Testing nuclear weapons can yield information about how the weapons work, as well as how the weapons behave under various conditions and how personnel, structures, and equipment behave when subjected to nuclear explosions. Nuclear testing has often been used as an indicator of scientific and military strength, and many tests have been overtly political in their intention; most nuclear weapons states publicly declared their nuclear status by means of a nuclear test.

[Wikipedia: South Park] South Park is an American adult animated sitcom created by Trey Parker and Matt Stone and developed by Brian Graden for the Comedy Central television network. The show revolves around four boys—Stan Marsh, Kyle Broflovski, Eric Cartman, and Kenny McCormick—and their bizarre adventures in and around the titular Colorado town. Much like "The Simpsons", "South Park" uses a very large ensemble cast of recurring characters and became infamous for its profanity and dark, surreal humor that satirizes a wide range of topics towards a mature audience.

[Wikipedia: Mærsk Mc-Kinney Møller (ship)] MV Mærsk Mc-Kinney Møller is the lead ship of Maersk's Triple E class of container vessels. At the time of its entry into service in 2013, it had the largest cargo capacity in TEU of any vessel, and was the longest container ship in service worldwide. Constructed for Maersk by Daewoo Shipbuilding & Marine Engineering (DSME) of South Korea, it was launched in February 2013 and entered operational service in July 2013. It was named for Mærsk Mc-Kinney Møller, the CEO of Maersk between 1965 and 1993. The ship is the first of a class of 20 identical vessels.

[Wikipedia: Mazda Takeri] The Mazda Takeri was a concept car made by Mazda. It was a preview to the next generation Mazda6.

[Wikipedia: New South Wales Women's Rugby League] The New South Wales Women's Rugby League is the governing body of female rugby league in New South Wales. It is a member of the Australian Women's Rugby League and New South Wales Rugby League. The organisation is responsible for administering the New South Wales Women's rugby league team, Women's City vs Country Origin, Sydney Metropolitan Women's Rugby League and Country Rugby League Women's RL competitions.

[Wikipedia: Cool and the Crazy] Cool and the Crazy is a 1994 American drama film written and directed by Ralph Bakshi and starring Jared Leto and Alicia Silverstone. The story revolves around an unhappily married couple in the late 1950s who both lead separate affairs. The film was Bakshi's first feature-length live-action film, being primarily known as a director of animated films which heavily utilize live-action sequences, such as "Fritz the Cat", "Heavy Traffic", "Wizards", "American Pop" and "The Lord of the Rings".

[Wikipedia: Edmund Mortimer (actor)] Edmund Mortimer (21 August 1874 – 21 May 1944) was an American actor and film director. He appeared in 251 films between 1913 and 1945. He also directed 23 films between 1918 and 1928. He was born in New York, New York and died in Los Angeles, California.

[Wikipedia: Scoop DeVille] Elijah Blue Molina (born October 15, 1987), better known by his stage name Scoop DeVille, is an American record producer, rapper and DJ. DeVille has produced records for several prominent rappers, such as Snoop Dogg, Kendrick Lamar, 50 Cent, Busta Rhymes and Fat Joe, among several others. He is perhaps best known for producing rapper Snoop Dogg's "I Wanna Rock", as well as Kendrick Lamar's "Poetic Justice", both of which charted in the top 50 of the US "Billboard" Hot 100 chart.

[Wikipedia: Florida State Road 9336] State Road 9336 (SR 9336), also known in parts as the Ingraham Highway, Tower Road and West Palm Drive, is an 8.75 mi two- to four-lane road in Miami-Dade County, in the U.S. state of Florida. The route is the only signed four-digit state road in Florida. The route connects US 1, and the Homestead Extension of Florida's Turnpike by proxy, in Florida City with the Everglades National Park, acting as the park's primary mode of entry. The road continues on from its western terminus at the national park's entrance as Main Park Road for another 39.3 mi , providing access to many of the park's facilities and the ghost town of Flamingo, in Monroe County, at its western end.

[Wikipedia: 2004 Heineken Open – Singles] Gustavo Kuerten was the defending champion of the singles event at the Heineken Open tennis tournament, held in Auckland, New Zealand, but lost in the semifinals to Dominik Hrbatý.

[Wikipedia: First North Americans] First North Americans are a series of historical fiction novels published by Tor and written by husband and wife co-authors W. Michael Gear & Kathleen O'Neal Gear. The series, which began with 1990's "People of the Wolf", explores various civilizations and cultures in prehistoric North America. It is comparable to Jean M. Auel's "Earth's Children" series, set in prehistoric Europe, but each of its books focuses on a different time period, location, and set of characters. The first four novels form a coherent, more or less linear narrative, from the initial migration of Siberian peoples into what is now Canada and Alaska (People of the Wolf) through the florescence of the Mississippian semi-urban mound-building culture, considered the "high-water mark" of North American pre-Columbian civilization, around 1000 AD. The remaining novels cover a wide variety of times and settings, in no particular order, ranging from tropical Florida in the 6th millennium BC to the Chaco Empire of the Southwest in the 13th century AD. The novels take into account new developments in North American archaeology such as the discovery of Kennewick Man and the development of the coastal-route model as a possible alternative or supplement to overland migration across Beringia.

[Wikipedia: Fernando Meirelles] Fernando Ferreira Meirelles (born November 9, 1955) is a Brazilian film director, producer and screenwriter. His best known film is "City of God", released in 2002 in Brazil and in 2003 in the U.S. by Miramax Films, which received international critical acclaim. For his work in the film, he was eventually nominated for an Academy Award for Best Director. He was also nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Director in 2005 for "The Constant Gardener", which garnered the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress to Rachel Weisz. He also directed the 2008 adaptation of José Saramago's novel "Blindness", and the 2011 film "360".

[Wikipedia: Stone's Fall] Stone's Fall is a 2009 historical-mystery novel by Iain Pears.

[Wikipedia: Vilnius Old Town] The Old Town of Vilnius (Lithuanian: "Vilniaus senamiestis" , Polish: "Stare Miasto w Wilnie" , Belarusian: Стары горад Вільні , Russian: Старый город в Вильнe ), one of the largest surviving medieval old towns in Northern Europe, has an area of 3.59 square kilometres (887 acres). It encompasses 74 quarters, with 70 streets and lanes numbering 1487 buildings with a total floor area of 1,497,000 square meters. The oldest part of the Lithuanian capital of Vilnius, it has developed over the course of many centuries, and has been shaped by the city's history and a constantly changing cultural influence. It is a place where some of Europe's greatest architectural stylesgothic, renaissance, baroque and neoclassicalstand side by side and complement each other.

[Wikipedia: Halkarni] Halkarni is a city situated in the south west corner of Maharashtra, TK: Gadhinglaj Taluka, Kolhapur district - 416506, India. The population of Halkarni is around 9,000. It is surrounded by hills.The distance between Gadhinglaj and Halkarni is about 36 km. Buggdikatti and Terani are villages surrounding it . A police station is situated in the village for the security of people. There are number of private hospitals and medicals are available in the village. A government hospital was built. Water is supplied to the whole village through a well in NAREWADI village through a pipeline. Farming is the main occupation of the villagers. They have a side business of selling milk cow or buffalo to the milk dairies. A Maharashtra state electricity board (MSEB) substation is installed outside the village. Halkarni is connected to Gadahinglaj via state transport buses (ST buses). Halkarni is also connected to Karnataka via Khanapur through Karnataka state transport buses . The route of entering in Karnataka from Maharashra is HALKARNI TO SANKESHWAR.

[Wikipedia: Brick Livin'] Brick Livin' is the debut album released by rapper, Mr. Marcelo. It was released on July 25, 2000 through No Limit Records and was produced by Carlos Stephens, Donald XL Robertson, Suga Bear and Ke'Noe. Though it was met with positive reviews, "Brick Livin"' failed to advance high in the charts, only making it to #172 on the "Billboard" 200, #43 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and #9 on the Top Heatseekers. It was his only album on No Limit Records.

[Wikipedia: Romeo Nelson] Iromeio "Romeo" Nelson (March 12, 1902 – May 17, 1974) was an American boogie woogie pianist whose recordings from 1929 are regarded as some of the finest, and certainly the fastest, boogie woogie showpieces on record.

[Wikipedia: Hampden Park] Hampden Park (often referred to as Hampden) is a football stadium in the Mount Florida area of Glasgow, Scotland. The 51,866 -capacity venue serves as the national stadium of football in Scotland. It is the normal home venue of the Scotland national football team and amateur Scottish league club Queen's Park F.C. and regularly hosts the latter stages of the Scottish Cup and Scottish League Cup competitions. It is also used for music concerts and other sporting events, such as when it was reconfigured as a athletics stadium for the 2014 Commonwealth Games.

[Wikipedia: Razzia (2017 film)] Razzia is a 2017 Moroccan drama film directed by Nabil Ayouch. It was selected as the Moroccan entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 90th Academy Awards. "Razzia" is mostly set in Casablanca and characters frequently discuss the 1942 film "Casablanca".

[Wikipedia: Ian Paisley] Ian Richard Kyle Paisley, Baron Bannside, PC (6 April 1926 – 12 September 2014) was a loyalist politician and Protestant religious leader from Northern Ireland.

[Wikipedia: The Smooth Career] The Smooth Career (German: Der sanfte Lauf) is a 1967 West German drama film directed by Haro Senft and starring Bruno Ganz, Verena Buss and Wolfgang Büttner.

[Wikipedia: Central Fraser Valley Transit System] Central Fraser Valley Transit System (formerly known as ValleyMAX) is a public transit system which provides bus services in the Central Fraser Valley area of British Columbia, Canada. Funding for the system is provided by the City of Abbotsford, the District of Mission, the University of the Fraser Valley and BC Transit, the agency responsible for planning and management of municipal transit systems throughout the province. Other than planning and managing bus routes, The Central Fraser Valley Transit System contracts out most of its bus services to FirstCanada ULC.

[Wikipedia: Keijuro Matsui] Keijuro Matsui (popularly known as KJ) (born October 16, 1985) was a guard for the Columbia Lions basketball team at Columbia University. He is the first Japanese native basketball player in NCAA Division I history. Matsui also played in the 2005 Nike Hoop Summit for the World Select Team, only the second Japanese to do so. In the summit he scored seven points in 11 minutes.

[Wikipedia: Mobil Producing Nigeria] Mobil Producing Nigeria (MPN) "is one of three" Nigerian subsidiaries of the petroleum company ExxonMobil. It began operations in 1955. All of its operations are offshore, where it owns 90 platforms on 3200 km2 of territory. MPN is the second largest producer of crude oil in Nigeria after Shell. Erha field/vessel is the recent offshore deployment of ExxonMobil FPSO in Nigeria partnering with Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation.

[Wikipedia: Swiss Olympic Association] Swiss Olympic Association (German: "Schweizerischer Olympischer Verband" , French: "Association Olympique Suisse" , Italian: "Associazione Olimpica Svizzera" , Romansh: "Assiociaziun Olimpica Svizra" ) is the National Olympic Committee representing Switzerland.

[Wikipedia: National Council (Switzerland)] The National Council (German: "Nationalrat" , French: "Conseil national" , Italian: "Consiglio nazionale" , Romansh: "Cussegl naziunal" ) is the lower house of the Federal Assembly of Switzerland, the upper house being the Council of States. With 200 seats, the National Council is the larger of the two houses.

[Wikipedia: Wolfgang Becker] Wolfgang Becker (born 22 June 1954) is a German film director and writer. He is best known to the international audience for his work "Good Bye Lenin!" (2003).

[Wikipedia: Cork City F.C.] Cork City Football Club (Irish: "Cumann Peile Chathair Chorcaí" ) is an Irish association football club based in Cork. The club currently plays in the League of Ireland Premier Division. The club was founded and elected to the League of Ireland in 1984. It was one of the first clubs in Ireland (and the first in Cork) to field a team of professional footballers. With the progression of professionalism at the club, continued development of the Turners Cross stadium and the transition to summer football, the club became one of the biggest and best supported clubs in the country. Between 2008 and 2010 however, the club suffered financial and management issues and entered a period of examinership. While the club's holding company was wound up by the courts, fans were awarded a licence under the name "Cork City FORAS Co-op" and entered a team in the 2010 League of Ireland First Division. The club subsequently re-acquired rights to the name "Cork City Football Club", and were promoted back to the premier division for the 2012 season.

[Wikipedia: Jason Salkey] Jason Salkey (born 24 April 1962) is an English actor who began his career at the age of nine. He was born in London, England. His father was the noted writer, Andrew Salkey. Salkey attended the Holland Park School in England before moving to Amherst, Massachusetts where he graduated high school from Amherst Regional High School in 1980. He then earned his degree in Acting and Directing from Hampshire College in Amherst. While in school, Salkey became a skilled Frisbee player and eventually went on to become the two-time European Freestyle Frisbee champion.

[Wikipedia: Masaharu Iwata] Masaharu Iwata (岩田 匡治 , Iwata Masaharu , born October 26, 1966) is a Japanese video game composer. After graduating from high school, where his musical projects included composing on a synthesizer and playing in a cover band, he joined Bothtec as a composer. He composed the soundtrack to several games there, beginning with 1987's "Bakusou Buggy Ippatsu Yarou", and after the company was merged into Quest, he left to become a freelance composer. His most well-known projects include "", "Tactics Ogre", "Final Fantasy Tactics", and "Final Fantasy XII", though throughout his career he has composed music for over 65 games. He is one of the founding members of Basiscape, headed by fellow composer Hitoshi Sakimoto and currently one of the largest independent Japanese video game music production companies. His compositions for strategy role-playing games such as the "Ogre Battle" and "Final Fantasy Tactics" series have been described as "among the most well-recognized in the genre".

[Wikipedia: Washington State University] Washington State University (WSU) is a public research university in Pullman, Washington, in the Palouse region of the northwest United States.

[Wikipedia: Witton, North Norfolk] Witton is a village and civil parish in the English county of Norfolk. It is located 8 km east of the town of North Walsham and 30 km north of the city of Norwich. It should not be confused with the quite different Norfolk village of similar name in the parish of Postwick with Witton, some 8 km east of Norwich.

[Wikipedia: The Dark Tower (series)] The Dark Tower is a series of eight books written by American author Stephen King that incorporates themes from multiple genres, including dark fantasy, science fantasy, horror, and Western. It describes a "gunslinger" and his quest toward a tower, the nature of which is both physical and metaphorical. The series, and its use of the Dark Tower, expands upon Stephen King's multiverse and in doing so, links together many of his other novels. King has described the series as his "magnum opus". In addition to the eight novels of the series proper that comprise 4,250 pages, many of King's other books relate to the story, introducing concepts and characters that come into play as the series progresses.

[Wikipedia: Bill Cosby 77] Bill Cosby 77 is an unreleased 2014 stand-up comedy film featuring Bill Cosby, filmed before a live audience at the San Francisco Jazz Center in California. Cosby chose the venue in honor of his friend Enrico Banducci and his establishment the hungry i. The comedian said his wife Camille Cosby helped with the editing process of the film. At approximately 60 minutes in duration, the film features Cosby pontificating on matters of children, romance, and matrimony. The film was named in honor of the fact that it was taped on Cosby's 77th birthday on July 12, 2014.

[Wikipedia: Charles C. W. Cooke] Charles C. W. Cooke (born November 4, 1984) is the editor of "National Review Online". He took the role over after Rich Lowry stepped down in June, 2016 (Lowry remains the editor-in-chief of "National Review"). Cooke is the author of "The Conservatarian Manifesto" and a frequent guest on HBO's "Real Time with Bill Maher". In addition to "National Review", he has written for the "New York Times", the "Washington Post", and the "Los Angeles Times". Along with Kevin D. Williamson, he hosts the popular "Mad Dogs and Englishmen" podcast.

[Wikipedia: Siw Anita Andersen] Siw Anita Andersen (born 27 April 1966) is a Norwegian actress and comedian, from Oslo. She is probably best known to Norwegian viewers through her role as "Målfrid" in the TV sitcom ""Mot i brøstet"". In addition to this she has also acted in other TV-shows such as ""Nissene på låven"" (2001), as well as movie roles. She had her big screen debut in 1989 with the movie "Showbiz", and later also had a role in "Kvitebjørn Kong Valemon" (1991). Andersen has also done stand-up and variety shows, and in 2002 won the Leif Juster honorary award, named after legendary Norwegian comedian Leif Juster. In 2002 she was also awarded "Komiprisen" ("The Comedy Prize") as best female comedian. She has had several roles in plays at Oslo Nye Teater.

[Wikipedia: The Mindy Project] The Mindy Project is an American romantic comedy television series that premiered on Fox on September 25, 2012, and aired on Tuesday nights until March 24, 2015. It then began airing on Hulu on September 15, 2015. The series, created by Mindy Kaling (the series' star), is co-produced by Universal Television and 3 Arts Entertainment.

[Wikipedia: Girdhari Lal Yadav] Girdhari Lal Yadav is a competitive sailor from Madhya Pradesh. He is a 2009 recipient of the Arjun Award.

[Wikipedia: Tripura Sundari Temple] Tripura Sundari Temple is situated in the ancient Udaipur, about 55 km from Agartala, Tripura believed to be one of the holiest Hindu shrines in this part of the country. Popularly known as Matabari, crowns in a small hillock and is served by the red-robed priests who traditionally, minister to the mother goddess Tripura Sundari. Considered to be one of the 51 Shakti Peethas, consists of a square type sanctum of the typical Bengali hut. It is believed that Sati's right foot fell here during Lord Shiva's Dance. The temple consist a square type sanctum with a conical dome. It was constructed by Maharaja Dhanya Manikya in 1501A.D, there are two identical images of the same deity inside the temple. They are known as Tripura Sundari (5 feet high) and Chhotima (2 feet high) in Tripura. The idol of Kali is worshiped at the temple of Tripura Sundari in the form of 'Soroshi'. One is made of kasti stone which is reddish black in colour. It is believed that the idol was Chhotima was carried by king in battlefield. This temple is also known as Kurma Pitha because it the temple premises resembles kurma i.e. tortoise. Every year on Diwali, a famous Mela takes place near the temple which is visited by more than two lakhs pilgrims.

[Wikipedia: I Stand tour] The I Stand tour was a tour taken by American actress and singer Idina Menzel.

[Wikipedia: Creature Features] Creature Features was a generic title for a genre of horror TV format shows broadcast on local U.S. television stations throughout the 1960s, 1970s and 1980s. The movies broadcast on the various shows were generally classic and cult horror movies of the 1930s to 1950s, the horror and science-fiction films of the 1950s, British horror films of the 1960s, and the Japanese "giant monster" movies of the 1960s and 1970s.

[Wikipedia: Scott McCord] William Scott McCord (born April 19, 1971) is a Canadian actor, voice actor, musician, and composer currently based in Brooklyn. A versatile performer, he has appeared in the films "16 Blocks", "Shoot 'Em Up", and the animated feature "The Nut Job". On television, he is best known for his voice over work in popular animated series. He plays Dan Kuso in "Bakugan Battle Brawlers", Tetsuya Watarigani in "Beyblade Metal Fusion", Owen and Trent in Fresh Animation's "Total Drama" series, Skull Boy in "Ruby Gloom", McGee in "Camp Lakebottom", and Jake in the animated TVOKids/Nickelodeon television series, "PAW Patrol". He is also Co-Artistic Director of Toronto-based Criminal Theatre, along with playwright and actor Rosa Laborde. In 2016, he won the Canada Screens Award for Best Performance in an Animated Series for his role as Squidgy on Guru's Justin Time. In 2002 he was nominated for a Dora Mavor Moore Award with Best Performance by a Male in Independent Theatre for his performance in Jacob Richmond's The Qualities of Zero. He has released two albums, the solo effort Blues For Sunshine (2009) and Scott McCord and the Bonafide Truth (2012). The latter is also the name of the soul/jazz/blues/rock eight piece band that was created for touring the first album. Scott McCord and the Bonafide Truth were nominated for Best Artist of the Year at the 2010 Maple Blues Awards.

[Wikipedia: Tuscan Skies] Tuscan Skies (Cieli di Toscana) is the third DVD released by Italian tenor Andrea Bocelli.

[Wikipedia: Junior Woodchucks] The Junior Woodchucks of the World are the Scouting organization to which the Disney characters Huey, Dewey, and Louie belong. The Junior Woodchucks were created by Carl Barks in 1951, in the story "Operation St. Bernhard" ("Walt Disney's Comics and Stories" #125). Later stories introduced a similar organization for girls, the Littlest Chickadees, to which Daisy Duck's nieces, April, May and June belong. The hallmark of the Junior Woodchucks is their spirited dedication to environmental protection and animal welfare, as well as the preservation of knowledge and the furtherance of science. They are also known for their exalted titles and ranks (Huey, Dewey, and Louie being promoted to become "Ten-Star Generals" in the 1951 story of the same name) and the awarding of buckets of badges, along with severe ideals as to decorum. In this way Barks poked gentle but pointed satire at aspects of the Boy Scouts of America.

[Wikipedia: Frederick Lindemann, 1st Viscount Cherwell] Frederick Alexander Lindemann, 1st Viscount Cherwell, (5 April 18863 July 1957), pronounced , was a British physicist and an influential scientific adviser to the British government from the early 1940s to the early 1950s, particularly to Winston Churchill. He advocated the "area" bombing or "strategic bombing" of German cities and civilian homes during the Second World War by falsely stating data to Winston Churchill from a study on psychological impact of Germany's Birmingham Blitz and Hull Blitz on the local population. He also doubted the sophistication of Nazi Germany's radar technology and the existence of its "V" weapons programme.

[Wikipedia: Deborah Markowitz] Deborah "Deb" Markowitz is a Visiting Professor of Environmental Policy and Leadership at the University of Vermont Rubenstein School of Environment and Natural Resources. She served from 2011-2017 as the Secretary of the Vermont Agency of Natural Resources. She was appointed by Vermont Governor Peter Shumlin. Prior to this, Markowitz was elected six times to serve as the Secretary of State of Vermont. Although she is a member of the Democratic Party, she won the nomination of both the Republican and Democratic Parties in two of her races.

[Wikipedia: Lithocarpus crassinervius] Lithocarpus crassinervius is a species of plant in the Fagaceae family. It is a tree endemic to Java in Indonesia. It is an endangered species threatened by habitat loss.

[Wikipedia: Drisheen] Drisheen (Irish: "drisín" ) is a type of blood pudding made in Ireland. It is distinguished from other forms of Irish black pudding by having a gelatinous consistency. It is made from a mixture of cow's, pig's and/or sheep's blood, milk, salt and fat which is boiled and sieved and finally cooked using the main intestine of an animal (typically a pig or sheep) as the sausage skin. The sausage may be flavoured with herbs, such as tansy. The recipe for drisheen varies widely from place to place and it also differs depending on the time of year. Drisheen is a cooked product but it usually requires further preparation before eating. How this is done varies widely from place to place.

[Wikipedia: My Darkest Days] My Darkest Days were a Canadian rock band based in Peterborough, Ontario consisting of lead singer Matt Walst, bassist Brendan McMillan, drummer Doug Oliver, and keyboardist Reid Henry. They were discovered by Chad Kroeger of Nickelback, who signed them to his record label, 604 Records.

[Wikipedia: La Motte-Picquet – Grenelle] La Motte-Picquet – Grenelle is a station of the Paris Métro, at the interconnection of lines 6, 8 and 10 in the 15th "arrondissement", near the 7th "arrondissement". The station combines underground and elevated platforms. It is named after the "Avenue de la Motte-Picquet" and the "Boulevard de Grenelle", as the station is located at the intersection of these two streets. It is a major Paris Metro interconnection on the Rive Gauche, and the most important west of Montparnasse.

[Wikipedia: Luana Alzuguir] Luanna Alzuguir is a female Black Belt Brazilian Jiu Jitsu practitioner. She won the World Championships in 2009, and in 2010, she won the open class. In these two years, she won all major championships in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, including the national championships, the Pan American championships, and the 2009 world championship. She is an ADCC champion and holds a win over Kyra Gracie.

[Wikipedia: San Jose Secondary Educational Center] San Jose Secondary Educational Center, Málaga, Spain, was founded by the Society of Jesus in 1906. It offers education for infant through baccalaureate and initial professional qualification with various training cycles in both middle and high school.

[Wikipedia: USS Monadnock (ACM-10)] USS "Monadnock" (ACM-10) was a coastal minelayer in the U.S. Navy named after Mount Monadnock, a solitary mountain (monadnock) of more than 3,100 feet in southern New Hampshire close to the border of Massachusetts.

[Wikipedia: 2009–10 Biathlon World Cup – Relay Men] The 2009–10 Biathlon World Cup – Relay Men will start at Sunday December 6, 2009 in Östersund and will finish Friday February 26, 2009 in Vancouver at the olympic Biathlon event. Defending titlist is Austrian team.

[Wikipedia: Theodore Shapiro (psychiatrist)] Dr. Theodore Shapiro, MD, is a psychiatrist and psychoanalyst in New York, where he is a professor emeritus in psychiatry and pediatrics at Weill Cornell Medical College and the Payne Whitney Psychiatric Clinic. He is a faculty member of the Columbia University Center for Psychoanalytic Training and Research and a training and supervising psychoanalyst at the New York Psychoanalytic Institute.

[Wikipedia: Brisbane International Film Festival] The Brisbane International Film Festival (BIFF) is an annual film festival held in Brisbane, Australia. Organised by the Screen Culture unit at Screen Queensland, the festival has taken place since 1992, with the program including features, documentaries, shorts, experimental efforts, retrospectives, late night thrillers, animation, and children's films. The festival has attracted more than 400,000 visitors across its history. The festival was replaced by the Brisbane Asia Pacific Film Festival from 2014-2016 but has been revived in 2017 while the Brisbane Asia Pacific Film Festival has ceased operations.

[Wikipedia: 1998 All-Pro Team] The 1998 All-Pro Team is composed of the National Football League players that were named to the Associated Press, Pro Football Writers Association, and The Sporting News All-Pro Teams in 1998. Both first and second teams are listed for the AP team. These are the three teams that are included in "Total Football II: The Official Encyclopedia of the National Football League". In 1998 the Pro Football Writers Association and Pro Football Weekly combined their All-pro teams, a practice with continues through 2008.

[Wikipedia: Eadred Lulisc] Eadred Lulisc or Eadred of Carlisle (fl. late 9th century) is the abbot of Carlisle recorded by the "Historia de Sancto Cuthberto". The "Historia" gives the abbot central place in the election of Guthred as king of Northumbria by the Viking army based in Yorkshire, and that subsequently Eadred purchased land from him, using it to endow the bishopric of St Cuthbert. The "Historia" also related that he and Eardwulf, Bishop of Lindisfarne, moved the body of St Cuthbert away from its previous base at Lindisfarne, tried to take it to Ireland, but failed and took it back to the east, first to Crayke and then to Chester-le-Street.

[Wikipedia: Tony Fabrizio] Anthony Fabrizio (born 1960) is an American Republican pollster and strategist. He is the principal in Fabrizio, Lee & Associates, and was the pollster for Donald Trump's fall 2016 Presidential campaign, former Senator Bob Dole's 1996 Presidential campaign, U.S. Senator Rand Paul's U.S. Senate and 2016 Presidential campaign, and former Governor Rick Perry's 2012 Presidential campaign, among others. He also served as a pollster for the U.S. Chamber of Commerce in the 2014 midterm elections.

[Wikipedia: Adorable (band)] Adorable was an alternative rock band, formed in Coventry in 1990. The band consisted of band members Pete Fijalkowski (vocals, guitar), Robert Dillam (guitar), Stephen 'Wil' Williams (bass) and Kevin Gritton (drums).

[Wikipedia: Holly Dolly] Holly Dolly is an animated pop musician whose debut single "Dolly Song (Ievan Polkka)" was internationally successful in the Summer of 2006. Holly Dolly is an animated, singing female donkey from Italy.

[Wikipedia: Georgia College &amp; State University] Georgia College (Georgia College & State University or GCSU) is a public liberal arts university in Milledgeville, Georgia, United States, with approximately 7,000 students. A member of the University System of Georgia, Georgia College was designated Georgia's "Public Liberal Arts University" in 1996 by the Georgia Board of Regents.

[Wikipedia: Darius McCrary] Darius Creston McCrary (born May 1, 1976) is an American film and television actor and singer. He is best known for his role as Edward "Eddie" Winslow, the oldest child of Carl and Harriette Winslow on the ABC/CBS television sitcom "Family Matters "which ran from 1989–1998. Another one of McCrary's notable roles was as Scam in the 1987 comedy film "Big Shots", which was his film debut. He provided the voice of Jazz in the 2007 "Transformers" reboot. From December 2009 to October 2011, he portrayed photographer Malcolm Winters on the CBS daytime drama "The Young and the Restless".

[Wikipedia: The Bears and I] The Bears and I is a 1974 American drama film directed by Bernard McEveety and written by John Whedon. The film stars Patrick Wayne, Chief Dan George, Andrew Duggan, Michael Ansara and Robert Pine. The film was released on July 31, 1974, by Buena Vista Distribution.

[Wikipedia: Lieutenant Governor's Court] The Lieutenant Governor’s Court was a court established in the early 19th century in the colony of Van Diemen's Land which subsequently became Tasmania, a state of Australia. The court had jurisdiction to deal with civil disputes where the amount in dispute was not more than £50 sterling in the colony. The establishment of the court was the first practical civil court in the settlement. This was an important first step in improving the resolution of civil disputes in the settlement. The Supreme Court of Van Diemen's Land eventually replaced it in 1823 when the court’s charter was revoked by the Third Charter of Justice.

[Wikipedia: Mommur Chasma] Mommur Chasma is the largest 'canyon' on the known part of the surface of Uranus' moon Oberon. This feature probably formed during crustal extension at the early stages of moon's evolution, when the interior of Oberon expanded and its ice crust cracked as a result. The canyon is an example of graben (rift valley) or scarp produced by normal fault(s). The chasma was first imaged by Voyager 2 spacecraft in January 1986.

[Wikipedia: List of state universities in the United States] In the United States, a state college or state university is one of the public colleges or universities funded by or associated with the state government. In some cases, these institutions of higher learning are part of a state university system, while in other cases they are not. Several U.S. territories also administer public colleges and universities. The U.S. federal government does not run colleges or universities except for the service academies, the Community College of the Air Force, the Naval Postgraduate School, the Air Force Institute of Technology, the Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences, military war colleges and staff colleges, and Haskell Indian Nations University. Additionally, Georgetown University, Gallaudet University, Howard University, and American University are private universities that are federally chartered. However, the federal government does make grants to state universities.

[Wikipedia: Patek Philippe Henry Graves Supercomplication] The Patek Philippe Henry Graves Supercomplication is one of the most complicated mechanical pocket watches ever created. The 18-karat gold watch was assembled by Patek Philippe and named after banker Henry Graves Jr who commissioned it out of his desire to outdo the Grande Complication pocketwatch of American automaker James Ward Packard. The two were both at the top of the watch collecting world, regularly commissioning innovative new timepieces.

[Wikipedia: Parker Williams] Parker Williams (May 31, 1872 – June 17, 1958) was a Welsh-born coal miner and political figure in British Columbia. He represented Newcastle in the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia from 1903 to 1918 as a Socialist and later as an independent Socialist and was British Columbia's first socialist MLA.

[Wikipedia: Wilford H. Fawcett House] The Wilford H. Fawcett House is a house in Breezy Point, Minnesota, United States, listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Wilford H. Fawcett, also known as "Captain Billy", started the book "Captain Billy's Whiz Bang" as a joke book for soldiers during World War I. He formed Fawcett Publications in 1919 in Robbinsdale, Minnesota. In 1920, he bought a tract of land where the present-day Breezy Point Resort is located, and he began building cottages and a large log lodge. The lodge has since burnt down. He built the Fawcett House as a private residence within the resort property. Fawcett hired the Minneapolis architects of Magney and Tusler and commissioned the design in the Swiss Chateau style. The rustic log style was a bit ironic, since the local logging industry had declined before the resort was built.

[Wikipedia: Odd Berg (cyclist)] Odd Berg (born 8 November 1923) is a Norwegian cyclist. He competed in the individual and team road race events at the 1952 Summer Olympics. He won the Norwegian National Road Race Championship in 1951, 1952 and 1955.

[Wikipedia: Hometown News] Hometown News was an American country music duo composed of singer-songwriters Ron Kingery and Scott Whitehead. Both musicians alternate as lead and background vocalists, in addition to playing guitar, while Kingery also plays the mandolin. Hometown News has recorded two independently released albums, in addition to charting two singles on the "Billboard" country music charts. Their highest-peaking single and only Top 40 hit, "Minivan", reached No. 37 in 2002.

[Wikipedia: Lucille Watahomigie] Lucille Watahomigie (born 1945 in Valentine, Arizona) is a Hualapai educator and linguist and native speaker of the Hualapai language. After receiving her bachelor's degree in elementary education from Northern Arizona University, she returned to the Hualapai community of Peach Springs and became a teacher at the Peach Springs School. She went on to receive her master's degree at the University of Arizona, where she then worked as a professor for three years before returning to the Hualapai Nation in 1975 to found the Hualapai bilingual and bicultural education program in response to community demand. In 1982, she co-authored the first full reference grammar of her language, "Hualapai Reference Grammar", as well as a dictionary, and was instrumental in developing a practical orthography for Hualapai. In 1987, she founded the American Indian Language Development Institute at the University of Arizona, resulting in the linguistic training of many indigenous language educators and promoting the development and revitalization of native languages in Arizona and throughout the country. Thew AILDI was the inspiration for the Canadian Indigenous Languages and Literacy Development Institute (CILLDE) which was formed in 1999. She has also taught at the institute since its inception and continues to teach there on a regular basis. Some of her other published works include "Spirit Mountain: A Yuman Anthology", of which she was an editor, as well as works on bilingual education, ethnobotany, education, linguistics and language revitalization.

[Wikipedia: David Hobbs (basketball)] David A. Hobbs (born April 25, 1949) is an American basketball coach. Hobbs currently serves as a special assistant to Iowa State's head coach Steve Prohm. He was the men's head coach at the University of Alabama from 1992 to 1998 and also was an assistant coach at Alabama, the University of Kentucky and Virginia Commonwealth University.

[Wikipedia: Emperor's New Clothes (song)] "Emperor's New Clothes" is a song by American rock band Panic! at the Disco released as the third single from the band's fifth studio album, "Death of a Bachelor", on October 21, 2015 through Fueled by Ramen and DCD2.

[Wikipedia: Gemini (Gemini album)] Gemini is an album by Gemini released in 1985. The album features songwriting contributions from artists such as Benny Andersson and Björn Ulvaeus, formerly of ABBA, and Anders Glenmark and Ingela Forsman. Two songs were of particular interest: "Slowly", a song written by Benny Andersson and Björn Ulvaeus, was previously recorded by ABBA's Anni-Frid "Frida" Lyngstad and the unreleased ABBA song "Just Like That" was re-written and included on this LP. Benny Andersson and Björn Ulvaeus contend that the inclusion of this new version of "Just Like That" means that the ABBA version cannot be released, saying that there can't be two official versions of a song with the same title that are so similar and yet so different.

[Wikipedia: Adam Fox] Adam Fox (1883 – 1977), Canon, was the Dean of Divinity at Magdalen College, Oxford. He was one of the first members of the "Inklings", a literary group which also included C.S. Lewis and J.R.R. Tolkien. Between 1938 and 1942 he was Professor of Poetry. Later he became Canon of Westminster Abbey and he is buried there in Poet's Corner. He was also Warden (Headmaster) of the famous Radley College.

[Wikipedia: Dynamite (magazine)] Dynamite was a magazine for children founded by Jenette Kahn and published by Scholastic Inc. from 1974 until 1992. The magazine changed the fortunes of the company, becoming the most successful publication in its history and inspiring two similar periodicals for Scholastic, "Wow" and "Bananas". Kahn edited the first three issues of "Dynamite". The next 109 issues were edited by Jane Stine, wife of children's author R. L. Stine, followed by Linda Williams Aber (aka "Magic Wanda"). The writer-editor staff was future children's book writer Ellen Weiss, future novelist-lawyer Alan Rolnick and future screenwriter-playwright Mark Saltzman. The first issue, "Dynamite" #1, was dated March 1974 and featured the characters Hawkeye and Radar from the television series "M*A*S*H". The final issue, "Dynamite" #165, was dated March 1992 and featured actress Julia Roberts and actor Arnold Schwarzenegger.

[Wikipedia: Hello (Hedley song)] "Hello" is a song recorded by Canadian pop rock band Hedley for their sixth studio album of the same name (2015). It was written and produced by lead singer Jacob Hoggard with Brian Howes and Jason "JVP" Van Poederooyen. "Hello" was released October 9, 2015 through Universal Music Canada as the album's second official single.

[Wikipedia: York City War Memorial] The York City War Memorial is a First World War memorial designed by Sir Edwin Lutyens and located in York in the north of England. Proposals for commemorating York's war dead originated in 1919 but proved controversial. Initial discussions focused on whether a memorial should be a monument or should take on some utilitarian purpose. Several functional proposals were examined until a public meeting in January 1920 opted for a monument. The city engineer produced a cost estimate and the war memorial committee engaged Lutyens, who had recently been commissioned by the North Eastern Railway (NER) to design their own war memorial, also to be sited in York. Lutyens' first design was approved, but controversy enveloped proposals for both the city's and the NER's memorials. Members of the local community became concerned that the memorials as planned were not in keeping with York's existing architecture, especially as both were in close proximity to the ancient city walls, and that the NER's memorial would overshadow the city's. Continued public opposition forced the committee to abandon the proposed site in favour of one on Leeman Road, just outside the walls, and Lutyens submitted a new design of a War Cross and Stone of Remembrance to fit the location. This was scaled back to the cross alone due to lack of funds.

[Wikipedia: Hélio Gracie] Hélio Gracie (] ; October 1, 1913 – January 29, 2009) was a Brazilian martial artist who, together with his brother Carlos Gracie, founded the martial art of Gracie jiu-jitsu and with Luiz França and Oswaldo Fadda the martial art of Brazilian jiu-jitsu (BJJ). According to Rorion Gracie, his father Hélio is one of the first sports heroes in Brazilian history; he was named Man of the Year in 1997 by the American martial arts publication "Black Belt" magazine. A patriarch of the Gracie family, he was the father of Rickson, Royler, Royce, Relson, and Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC) co-founder Rorion Gracie, among other sons and daughters.

[Wikipedia: The Limousines] The Limousines are an American indietronica band based out of California's San Francisco Bay Area. Made up of multi-instrumentalist/producer Giovanni Giusti and

[Wikipedia: 1997 Minnesota Vikings season] The Minnesota Vikings season was the 37th year of season play for the Minnesota Vikings and the 78th regular season of the National Football League. The Vikings finished with a record of nine wins and seven losses. Their record was good enough to qualify for a wild card berth. In the wild card round against the New York Giants, the Vikings came back from a 22–13 deficit with 90 seconds to play to defeat the Giants 23–22. It was their first playoff victory since 1988 and their first under head coach Dennis Green. In the Divisional round, the Vikings were defeated by the San Francisco 49ers, 38–22.

[Wikipedia: Here (1954 song)] "Here" is a popular song, with music written by Harold Grant and lyrics by Dorcas Cochran, published in 1954. (Most sources show music and lyrics by both, but Cochran was a lyricist and Grant a composer.) The melody was adapted from the operatic aria, ""Caro nome,"" from the opera "Rigoletto" by Giuseppe Verdi.

[Wikipedia: Middle Lake Trail] Middle Lake Trail is in the northwestern Sawatch Range, part of the Rocky Mountains in the U.S. state of Colorado. It is located in the Holy Cross Wilderness northeast of New York Mountain in Eagle County. Middle Lake Trail is south of Interstate 70, near Eagle and Edwards. Middle Lake Trail is accessible by hiking south along the Dead Dog Trail from West Lake Creek Road south of Edwards. Dead Dog Trail crosses a ridge and ascends to a junction with the Middle Lake Trail that is 3.3 miles from Dead Dog trailhead, at 11,250 feet. Middle Lake Trail continues east to the top of the ridge, at 11,770 feet, overlooking East Lake Creek Valley. Then, Middle Lake Trail drops off the ridge to Middle Lake. Hiking Colorado: Holy Cross Wilderness, a hiking guide by Kim Fenske, provides a description of Middle Lake Trail access from Dead Dog Trail.

[Wikipedia: Solid black (chicken plumage)] Solid black plumage color refers to a plumage pattern in chickens ("Gallus gallus domesticus") characterized by a uniform, black color across all feathers. There are chicken breeds where the typical plumage color is black, such as Australorp, Sumatra, , Jersey Giant and others. And there are many other breeds having different color varieties, which also have an extended black variety, such as Leghorn, Minorca, Wyandotte, Orpington, Langshan and others.

[Wikipedia: Johan van Oldenbarnevelt] Johan van Oldenbarnevelt (] ), Lord of Berkel en Rodenrijs (1600), Gunterstein (1611) and Bakkum (1613) (14 September 1547 – 13 May 1619) was a Dutch statesman who played an important role in the Dutch struggle for independence from Spain.

[Wikipedia: Colin Hardie] Colin Graham Hardie (16 February 1906 – 17 October 1998) was a British classicist and academic. From 1933 to 1936, he was Director of the British School at Rome. From 1936 to 1973, he was a Fellow of Magdalen College, Oxford, and a tutor in classics. In addition, from 1967 to 1973, he was the Public Orator of the University of Oxford. He was a member of the Inklings, an informal literary discussion group which included the likes of J. R. R. Tolkien and C. S. Lewis.

[Wikipedia: Immigration policy of Donald Trump] Illegal immigration was a signature issue of U.S. President Donald Trump's presidential campaign, and his proposed reforms and remarks about this issue generated much publicity. A hallmark promise of his campaign was to build a substantial wall on the United States-Mexico border. Trump has also expressed support for a variety of "limits on legal immigration and guest-worker visas", including a "pause" on granting green cards, which Trump says will "allow record immigration levels to subside to more moderate historical averages". Trump's proposals regarding H-1B visas frequently changed throughout his presidential campaign, but as of late July 2016, he appeared to oppose the H-1B visa program. Trump has questioned official estimates of the number of illegal immigrants in the United States (between 11 and 12 million), insisting the number is much higher (between 30 and 34 million).

[Wikipedia: Anuradha Bhat] Anuradha Bhat is an Indian playback singer for the feature films. She sings predominantly in Kannada language films. Bhat has recorded for over 1000 feature films under the music direction of all the prominent Kannada composers like Hamsalekha, Gurukiran, V. Harikrishna, Mano Murthy, Arjun Janya among others. She has recorded more than 5000 songs in 14 different languages for various music albums. Bhat is the recipient of Karnataka State Film Award for Best Female Playback Singer for the year 2012, Filmfare Award for Best Female Playback Singer – Kannada (2015), Aryabhata International Award (2015) and many more.

[Wikipedia: Max Mirnyi] Maksim "Max" Mirnyi (Belarusian: Максім Мікалаевіч Мірны ] ) (Russian: Максим Николаевич Мирный ] ) (born 6 July 1977, in Minsk) is a Belarusian professional tennis player.

[Wikipedia: Richard Thorpe] Richard Thorpe (February 24, 1896 – May 1, 1991) was an American film director best known for his long career at Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.

[Wikipedia: Dirty Dancing] Dirty Dancing is a 1987 American romantic drama dance film written by Eleanor Bergstein, directed by Emile Ardolino and starring Patrick Swayze and Jennifer Grey in the lead roles, and featuring Cynthia Rhodes and Jerry Orbach.

[Wikipedia: Harvey Fierstein] Harvey Forbes Fierstein (born June 6, 1954) is an American actor, playwright, and voice actor. Fierstein has won the Tony Award for Best Actor in a Play for his own play "Torch Song Trilogy" (about a gay drag-performer and his quest for true love and family) and the Tony Award for Best Actor in a Musical for playing Edna Turnblad in "Hairspray". He also wrote the book for the musical "La Cage aux Folles", for which he won the Tony Award for Best Book of a Musical, and wrote the book for the Tony Award-winning "Kinky Boots". He was inducted into the American Theater Hall of Fame in 2007.

[Wikipedia: What Next? (magazine)] What Next? magazine is a Tri Annual (each term) national magazine. The magazine began publication in 2006 in the United Kingdom. Founded by Eduardo Pereira, the magazine is predominantly based on celebrity interviews, how to apply to university, course insight, entertainment reviews and insider views on the music industry, publishing, engineering, catering and hospitality and other careers.

[Wikipedia: Forest Hill, Oxfordshire] Forest Hill is a village in Forest Hill with Shotover civil parish in Oxfordshire, about 4.5 mi east of Oxford. The village about 330 ft above sea level is on the northeastern brow of a ridge of hills. The highest point of the ridge is Red Hill, which rises to 440 ft just south of the village. The 2011 Census recorded Forest Hill with Shotover's population as 856.

[Wikipedia: Night of the Long Knives] The Night of the Long Knives (German:    ), also called Operation Hummingbird (German: "Unternehmen Kolibri") or, in Germany, the Röhm Putsch (German spelling: "Röhm-Putsch" ), was a purge that took place in Nazi Germany from June 30 to July 2, 1934, when the Nazi regime carried out a series of political extrajudicial executions intended to consolidate Hitler's absolute hold on power in Germany. Many of those killed were leaders of the "Sturmabteilung" (SA), the Nazis' own paramilitary organization, colloquially known as the "Brownshirts" due to the color of their uniforms. The best-known victim of the purge was Ernst Röhm, the SA's leader and one of Hitler's longtime supporters and allies. Leading members of the left-wing Strasserist faction of the Nazi Party (NSDAP), along with its figurehead, Gregor Strasser, were also killed, as were establishment conservatives and anti-Nazis, such as former Chancellor Kurt von Schleicher and Bavarian politician Gustav Ritter von Kahr, who had suppressed Adolf Hitler's Munich Beer Hall Putsch in 1923. The murders of SA leaders were also intended to improve the image of the Hitler government with a German public that was increasingly critical of thuggish Brownshirt tactics.

[Wikipedia: Texas State Highway 77] State Highway 77, or SH 77, is a numbered state highway in Texas, occupying the counties of Morris and Cass. SH 77 is 46.815 mi long, and connects U.S. Highway 259 to the eastern state line. It begins four miles (6 km) north of Omaha on US 259, and travels eastward to Naples, meeting U.S. Highway 67 and State Highway 338. In Douglassville, SH 77 intersects State Highway 8. After cutting across the south side of Atlanta, where it meets U.S. Highway 59 (Future Interstate 369), SH 77 cuts to the southeast, and crosses into the very northwest corner of Louisiana, becoming Louisiana Highway 1. SH 77 was originally proposed in 1926 as a route from Douglasville to Naples, replacing SH 1B. By 1933, SH 77 extended southeast to Louisiana, replacing a portion of SH 47. It was originally planned to travel farther west to Commerce, but this plan was cancelled in 1941. In 1966, SH 77 was extended west over FM 2880 from US 259 to US 67.

[Wikipedia: Universal Numbering System] The Universal Numbering System is a dental notation system for associating information to a specific tooth, and is commonly used in the United Kingdom.

[Wikipedia: America Is Dying Slowly] America Is Dying Slowly (a backronym for AIDS) is a compilation album that is the eighth in the Red Hot AIDS Benefit Series recorded by the Red Hot Organization. It featured collaborations from several hip hop acts, including Mobb Deep, De La Soul, Coolio, Biz Markie, Chubb Rock, The Lost Boyz, Pete Rock, Common and Wu-Tang Clan.

[Wikipedia: Wilhelm Reiss] Wilhelm Reiss (13 June 1838 – 29 September 1908) was a German geologist and explorer born in Mannheim. Along with Angel Escobar, he was the first person to scale Cotopaxi (1872), and with vulcanologist Alphons Stübel, he was the first to ascend Tungurahua (1873).

[Wikipedia: Jean Hugo] Jean Hugo (19 November 1894 – 21 June 1984) was a painter, illustrator, theatre designer and author. He was born in Paris and died in his home at the Mas de Fourques, near Lunel, France. Brought up in a lively artistic environment, he began teaching himself drawing and painting and wrote essays and poetry from a very early age. His artistic career spans the 20th century, from his early sketches of the First World War, through the creative ferment of the Parisian interwar years, and up to his death in 1984. He was part of a number of artistic circles that included Jean Cocteau, Raymond Radiguet, Pablo Picasso, Georges Auric, Erik Satie, Blaise Cendrars, Marie-Laure de Noailles, Paul Eluard, Francis Poulenc, Charles Dullin, Louis Jouvet, Colette, Marcel Proust, Jacques Maritain, Max Jacob, Carl Theodor Dreyer, Marie Bell, Louise de Vilmorin, Cecil Beaton and many others.

[Wikipedia: Phylogenesis (novel)] Phylogenesis (1999) is a science fiction novel by American writer Alan Dean Foster. It is the first novel in Foster's "Founding of the Commonwealth Trilogy".

[Wikipedia: Robin Pingeton] Robin Pingeton (born July 9, 1968) is the head coach of the University of Missouri's women's basketball team. She was hired in April 2010 to replace former head coach Cindy Stein.

[Wikipedia: Josh Holliday] Josh Holliday (born September 14, 1976) is an American college baseball coach and former professional player in Minor League Baseball. Currently the head coach of the Oklahoma State Cowboys baseball team, he was hired to this position prior to the 2013 season. In 2014, Holliday was the Big 12 Conference Baseball Coach of the Year as OSU claimed the conference regular season championship. Hollidays' Cowboys pulled OSU a little Cowboy baseball tradition out of the fire and faced Oklahoma on the final weekend of 2017. The team was in danger of missing out of the postseason for the 1st time in Hollidays tenure at Oklahoma State. The Cowboys swept the instate rival Oklahoma Sooners (#2 seed going into region play) to claim the last and final spot as the 8th seed in the BigXII Championship. The Cowboys went back to their traditionion and won just the 2nd Big 12 tournament in schools rich baseball history. The Cowboys won 16 straight Big 8 tournaments before the formation of the Big12. The Cowboys became the 1st eight seed (last seed) to win the conference championship and by doing so Holliday got his team in the NCAA postseason for the 5th time in his 5 years at the school. The season was full of injuries from top to bottom Holliday and is associated Head Coach and current (2016) assistant coach of the year Rob Walton put together a pitching staff that was nothing short of magical. The Cowboys luck would run out as the were sent to the Arkansas Regional and went 0-2 losing game one to Regional champions Missouri State Bears on a two out bottom of the 9th walk off HR. Garrett Benge hit for the cycle for Hollidays Cowboys but it wasn't enough. Garrett McCain would be named 1st team all-American the 25th in Cowboys history he would one of five current Cowboys drafted in 2017 preceded by 11 from the 2016 College World Series club. Giving Holliday 16 in 2 years. The Cowboys went on the end of the year run the had seen them lose six games in a row and face being the 1st Oklahoma State team to finish under .500 in 40 years.The Cowboys finished 30-27 on the year. The 6-5 victory of the Texas Longhorns would be Hollidays' 200th victory as the head man of Oklahoma State.

[Wikipedia: Alberik II] Alberic II was a bishop of Utrecht from 838 to 844.

[Wikipedia: Humphrey the Bear] Humphrey the Bear is a cartoon character created by the Walt Disney studio in 1950. He first appeared in the Goofy cartoon "Hold That Pose", in which Goofy tried to take his picture. After that he appeared in four classic Donald Duck cartoons: "Rugged Bear", "Grin and Bear It", "Bearly Asleep", and "Beezy Bear". Disney gave him his own series in 1955, but only two films resulted ("Hooked Bear" and "In the Bag") before Disney discontinued making theatrical short subjects. When the shorts division closed, Humphrey was the last of only seven Disney characters who had been given a series of their own, starring in cartoons who opened with their own logo (the six others were Mickey Mouse, Donald Duck, Goofy, Pluto, Chip 'n' Dale (counting as one), and Figaro).

[Wikipedia: Jim Jarmusch] James Robert Jarmusch ( ; born January 22, 1953) is an American film director, screenwriter, actor, producer, editor, and composer. He has been a major proponent of independent cinema since the 1980s, directing such films as "Stranger Than Paradise" (1984), "Down by Law" (1986), "Mystery Train" (1989), "Dead Man" (1995), "" (1999), "Coffee and Cigarettes" (2003), "Broken Flowers" (2005), "Only Lovers Left Alive" (2013), and "Paterson" (2016). "Stranger Than Paradise" was added to the National Film Registry in December 2002. As a musician, Jarmusch has composed music for his films and released two albums with Jozef van Wissem.

[Wikipedia: Damia Farooq] Damia Farooq is a Pakistani singer-songwriter and musician. Starting her career at the age of thirteen in 2012, she released her debut album "Damia Debut" which consisted eight tracks including three music videos. Later that year, she released her hit duet single "Jana i miss you" along with her elder sister, Parisa Farooq. She appeared on many TV shows and interviews on various channels. Since then, she has performed across the country and has done playback singing in drama serials such as " Sun Yara " (ARY Digital), "Phir Se Meri Qismat Likh De" (Hum Sitaray), "Dil Mohalay Ki Haveli" (Geo TV), "Zindagi Mujhe Tera Pata Chahiye" (PTV), "Kis Se Kahoon" (PTV) and many more. Sang in films such as "Ishq Positive" , "Blind Love" (2016), "Punjab Nahi Jaungi" and many more. In 2015, Damia launched her single "Rab Janay" and performed with the famous Romanian band Ex-Akcent TWO. In 2016, Damia released her duet single "Jhoomo" with Parisa Farooq and months later marked her "Coke Studio" debut as the youngest featured artist in season 9, as a part team Faakhir. Her latest hit, ARY digital's drama serial OST Sun Yara was nominated in the 16th Lux style awards 2017.

[Wikipedia: Alive (1993 film)] Alive is a 1993 American biographical survival drama film based upon Piers Paul Read's 1974 book "", which details the story of a Uruguayan rugby team who were involved in the crash of Uruguayan Air Force Flight 571, which crashed into the Andes mountains on Friday, October 13, 1972.

[Wikipedia: Gate of Ivory, Gate of Horn] Gate of Ivory, Gate of Horn is a fantasy novel by British author Robert Holdstock. It was originally published in the United States in 1997 (and in the United Kingdom under the title "Gate of Ivory" in 1998.) The story is a prequel to "Mythago Wood" and explores Christian Huxley's quest into Ryhope Wood and the apparent suicide of his mother, Jennifer Huxley. The title of the book refers to the gates of horn and ivory described in both Homer's "Odyssey" and Virgil's "Aeneid".

[Wikipedia: Van Helsing's Curse] Van Helsing's Curse is a side project, orchestra of Twisted Sister lead singer, Dee Snider. Along with Snider, the group featured a five-piece rock band, a six-piece choir, and six-piece string section.

[Wikipedia: LucifroN] Pedro "LucifroN" Moreno Durán (born 31 October 1991) is a Spanish professional gamer. He started his career in "" and later competed in both "Starcraft 2" and "Heroes of the Storm". At the age of 16, playing "", he became the world championship runner-up by finishing second on Blizzcon 2008. One year later he won the European Championship and the Electronic Sports World Cup Masters of Cheonan, winning the first, and to date only, gold medal for Spain in the competition.. In "Starcraft 2" he participated in several international tournaments, winning The Gathering and the IPL D.I.C.E Showdown among others. In "Heroes of the Storm" he played for Team Liquid, winning several tournaments, most notably three DreamHacks.

[Wikipedia: Chien-Shiung Wu College] Chien-Shiung Wu College is a college named after lady Chien-Shiung Wu, an alumna of previous National Central University. The college is a part of Southeast University(SEU), Nanjing.

[Wikipedia: Legoland Malaysia Resort] Legoland Malaysia is Malaysia's first international theme park that has opened in Iskandar Puteri, Johor, Malaysia on 15 September 2012 with over 40 interactive rides, shows and attractions. It is the first Legoland theme park in Asia and sixth in the world upon its establishment. The official opening of Legoland Malaysia was made by Sultan Ibrahim Ismail, Sultan of Johor on 22 September 2012. It is the centrepiece of a 5500000 sqft integrated complex in the Nusa Cemerlang industrial park, within the Iskandar Malaysia economic region, consisting of a lifestyle retail centre, offices, hotels, service apartments and residential units.

[Wikipedia: Eastern New England English] Eastern New England English, historically known as the Yankee dialect since at least the nineteenth century, is the traditional regional dialect of Maine, New Hampshire, and the eastern half of Massachusetts. Features of this variety once spanned an even larger dialect area of New England, for example, including the eastern half of Vermont as recently as the mid-twentieth century. Studies vary as to whether the distinctive dialect of Rhode Island falls within the Eastern New England dialect region.

[Wikipedia: Lou Bradley] Lou Bradley is an Australian singer/song writer born and raised in Sydney's Northern Beaches, later moving to Mullumbimby in her late 20's with her husband and three children.

[Wikipedia: Buck Rogers: Countdown to Doomsday] Buck Rogers: Countdown to Doomsday is a role-playing video game released by Strategic Simulations in 1990 , set in the Buck Rogers XXVC game setting.

[Wikipedia: Reb'l Fleur] Reb'l Fleur is the first fragrance for women endorsed by Barbadian singer Rihanna. The fragrance was promoted with the accompanying tagline "Bad feels so good". Reb'l Fleur was released in the United States on January 25, 2011, and in the United Kingdom on August 19, 2011. The product was positively received upon its release, and it became highly successful.

[Wikipedia: Younger Memnon] The Younger Memnon is an Ancient Egyptian statue, one of two colossal granite heads from the Ramesseum mortuary temple in Thebes, Upper Egypt. It depicts the Nineteenth Dynasty Pharaoh Ramesses II wearing the Nemes head-dress with a cobra diadem on top. The damaged statue has since lost its body and lower legs. It is one of a pair that originally flanked the Ramesseum's doorway. The head of the other statue is still found at the temple.

[Wikipedia: Augustus d'Este] Sir Augustus Frederick d'Este, (13 January 1794 – 28 December 1848) was the son of Prince Augustus Frederick, Duke of Sussex, and Lady Augusta Murray, and a grandson of King George III. His parents were secretly married on 4 April 1793, in a Church of England ceremony in the Hotel Sarmiento, Rome, and later married again on 5 December 1793 at St George's, Hanover Square, Westminster, using their correct names but without revealing their identities. Both marriages were in defiance of the Royal Marriages Act 1772 and were thus legally null and void, at least in English law. After the birth of their first child, the marriage was discovered by the King and formally annulled, making their son illegitimate in Great Britain.

[Wikipedia: Patiala House (film)] Patiala House is a 2011 Indian sports drama film directed by Nikhil Advani and starring Akshay Kumar and Anushka Sharma. It was produced by Bhushan Kumar, Mukesh Talreja, Krishan Kumar and Twinkle Khanna under the banner of People Tree Films, Credence Motion Pictures and Hari Om Entertainment. The film released on 11 February 2011. The theatrical trailer of was premièred with Farah Khan's "Tees Maar Khan" on 24 December 2010. Akshay Kumar plays the role of a fast bowler, loosely based upon Monty Panesar and its concept was conceived by Rahul Nanda, son of writer Gulshan Nanda.

[Wikipedia: Erich Maria Remarque] Erich Maria Remarque (born Erich Paul Remark; 22 June 1898 – 25 September 1970) was a German

[Wikipedia: Vegas Chips] Vegas Chips was a snack food manufacturer based in North Las Vegas, Nevada. It was founded in 1987. The company became publicly traded on the NASDAQ in 1989. Vegas Chips was best known for its brand of kettle cooked potato chips. Milton Rudnick became President in 1991. Mlton Rudnick was founder of Jaxs Cheese Twists, a popular cheese snack in New England now owned by The Bachmann Pretzel Company. Kevin Holden succeeded Milton Rudnick as President and CEO of Vegas Chips in 1992. In 1994, the company was acquired by Pacific Snaxs of Newport Beach, CA.. In 1995 Pacific Snax moved all its snack manufacturing to the Vegas Chips plant in North Las Vegas, Nevada. In 1997, Pacific Snaxs filed for Bankruptcy and was subsequently liquidated. Pacific Snaxs most popular snack item was Kettle Classics, a line of kettle cooked potato chips. The Kettle Classics line of snacks continues today under Classic Foods of Irvine, California.

[Wikipedia: Control (fictional character)] Control is a fictional character created by John le Carré. Control is an intelligence officer who acts as the head of "the Circus", the British overseas intelligence agency. He is a character in the novels "The Spy Who Came in from the Cold", "The Looking Glass War", and "Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy", and is referred to in several others, usually by association with le Carré's recurring protagonist George Smiley, who has served as Control's right-hand man.

[Wikipedia: The Cruel Sea (1953 film)] The Cruel Sea is a 1953 British war film starring Jack Hawkins, Donald Sinden, Denholm Elliott, Stanley Baker, Liam Redmond, Virginia McKenna and Moira Lister. The film, which was made by Ealing Studios seven years after the end of the Second World War, was directed by Charles Frend and produced by Leslie Norman. It is based on the best selling novel of the same name by former naval officer Nicholas Monsarrat, though the screenplay by Eric Ambler omits some of Monsarrat's grimmest moments.

[Wikipedia: Institute for the Study of War] The Institute for the Study of War (ISW) is a United States-based think tank founded in 2007 by Kimberly Kagan. ISW describes itself as a non-partisan think tank providing research and analysis regarding issues of defense and foreign affairs. Others have described ISW as "a hawkish Washington" group favoring an "aggressive foreign policy". Though it had produced reports on the War in Afghanistan and the Iraq War, "focusing on military operations, enemy threats, and political trends in diverse conflict zones". The non-profit organization is supported by grants and contributions from large defense contractors, including Raytheon, General Dynamics, DynCorp and others. It is headquartered in Washington, D.C.

[Wikipedia: 1991–92 Seattle SuperSonics season] The 1991–92 NBA season was the 24th season for the Seattle SuperSonics in the National Basketball Association. After a 7–3 start to the season, head coach K. C. Jones was fired with the team holding an 18–18 record. After splitting four games under interim coach Bob Kloppenburg, the Sonics hired George Karl, who returned after a four-year absence from coaching in the NBA. Under Karl, the SuperSonics finished the season fourth in the Pacific Division with a 47–35 record, reaching the playoffs as the number 6 seed in the Western Conference. Ricky Pierce led the team in scoring averaging 21.7 points per game in his first full season with the Sonics. In the first round, they defeated the 3rd-seeded Golden State Warriors in four games, winning the final two games by just four points. However, they lost the conference semifinals to the Utah Jazz in five games.

[Wikipedia: John Collias] John Collias (June 12, 1918 – March 29, 2017) was a Western American painter, illustrator, and commercial artist. Born in Fort Wayne, Indiana, he lived and worked in Boise, Idaho, since the early 1940s and contributed work to the "Idaho Statesman", "Boise Weekly", "Life" Magazine, the "Gowen Field Beacon", the Allen Noble Boise State Athletic Hall of Fame, the College of Idaho Athletic Hall of Fame, and to the books "Sawtooth Tales" by Dick D'Easum and "John Collias: Round About the Boise Valley". Collias' prolific work spans a number of genres including portraiture, landscape art, wartime military posters, ad and billboard art. He was perhaps best known regionally as the artist behind "A Portrait of A Distinguished Citizen," a weekly portrait feature that ran in the "Idaho Statesman" from 1963 to 1993.

[Wikipedia: Pretty Girls Make Graves] Pretty Girls Make Graves was a post-punk band, formed in Seattle in 2001, named after The Smiths song of the same name (which itself was named after a quote from Jack Kerouac's "The Dharma Bums"). Andrea Zollo and Derek Fudesco had played together previously in The Hookers, as well as The Death Wish Kids and Area 51 along with Dann Gallucci, with whom Derek had formed Murder City Devils. Not long before the Murder City Devils disbanded, Derek and Andrea formed Pretty Girls Make Graves along with Jay, Nick and Nathan. They played the Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival in 2004.

[Wikipedia: Julien Nitzberg] Julien Nitzberg (born 1965) is a US screenwriter, stage writer, lyricist, theater director and film director, best known in the film world as the director of the documentary "The Wild and Wonderful Whites of West Virginia". In the theater world, Nitzberg is best known for his controversial musical "The Beastly Bombing or A Terrible Tale of Terrorists Tamed by the Tangles of True Love". Nitzberg wrote the book and lyrics and directed this musical in Los Angeles and New York. "The Beastly Bombing" won the LA Weekly Theater Award for Best Musical of the Year.

[Wikipedia: Sanna Kannasto] Sanna Kannasto (née Kallio, born 1878, died 1968) was a Finnish Canadian labour activist and feminist. With A.T. Hill and Aku Päiviö she was one of the key figures in the Finnish Canadian socialist movement of the early 1900s. Authorities considered Kannasto as one of the most dangerous agitators in Canada. She was also active in the Canadian suffragette movement.

[Wikipedia: Provisional Irish Republican Army] The Provisional Irish Republican Army (Provisional IRA) was an Irish republican paramilitary organization that sought to remove Northern Ireland from the United Kingdom and to bring about an independent socialist republic encompassing all of Ireland. It was the biggest and most active republican paramilitary group during the Troubles. It saw itself as the successor to the original IRA and called itself simply the Irish Republican Army (IRA), or "Óglaigh na hÉireann" in Irish, and was widely referred to as such by others.

[Wikipedia: Valens Aqueduct] The Valens Aqueduct (Turkish: "Valens Su Kemeri" or Turkish: "Bozdoğan Kemeri" , meaning "Aqueduct of the Grey Falcon"; Ancient Greek: Ἀγωγὸς τοῦ ὕδατος , "Agōgós tou hýdatos", meaning simply "aqueduct") is a Roman aqueduct which was the major water-providing system of the Eastern Roman capital of Constantinople (modern Istanbul, Turkey). Completed by Roman Emperor Valens in the late 4th century AD, it was maintained and used by the Byzantines and later the Ottomans, and remains one of the most important landmarks of the city.

[Wikipedia: Eric Shaw (screenwriter)] Eric Shaw (born 1973) is an American television writer and a former writer for "SpongeBob SquarePants", a popular television show on Nickelodeon. Originally from Jericho, NY, he attended Jericho High School and graduated from Columbia University. He has been an animation writer since 2003 and has also written for "Skunk Fu", "Krypto the Superdog", "Sid the Science Kid", "My Friends Tigger and Pooh" and many other animated hit shows. He is known for writing on "SpongeBob SquarePants" seasons five and six. As a staff writer, Eric has written for more than 50 "SpongeBob" episodes. In 2007, Eric served as the President of the International Jury at the prestigious Cartoons on the Bay Animation Festival, Salerno, Italy. Eric recently served as Head Writer on PBS' Emmy-Award winning animated series WordGirl starring Tom Kenny, Maria Bamford, Patton Oswalt, Jeffrey Tambor, and others. Eric ran the writing on Season 5 (26 episodes), from Soup2Nuts' Watertown, Mass studio, and in 2013, he won an Emmy Award for Outstanding Writing in Animation at the 40th Annual Creative Arts Daytime Emmy Awards on June 14.

[Wikipedia: Farda Amiga] Farda Amiga (foaled February 1, 1999) is an American Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare. Bred in Kentucky, but owned and trained by Brazilian horsemen, she showed some promise racing on turf as a juvenile in 2001, winning on her racecourse debut and finishing fifth at Grade III level on her only subsequent start. In the following season she won one of her first two races on turf before being switched to run on dirt and showed improved form. After a third-place finish in the Santa Anita Oaks, she recorded an upset win in the Kentucky Oaks and then recovered from illness to win the Alabama Stakes in August. She was retired after finishing second to the American Horse of the Year Azeri in the Breeders' Cup Distaff. Her record as broodmare has not been impressive.

[Wikipedia: Zips] Zips (also Siggies or Geeps) is a slang term often used as a derogatory slur by Italian American and Sicilian American mobsters in reference to newer immigrant Sicilian and Italian mafiosi. The name is said to have originated from mobsters' inability to understand the faster-speaking Sicilian dialects, which appeared to "zip" by. Other theories include pejorative uses such as Sicilians' preference for silent, homemade zip guns. According to still another theory, the term is a contraction of the Sicilian slang term for "hicks" or "primitives." The older Sicilian mafiosi of pre-Prohibition known as "Mustache Petes" (who eventually were deposed by American-born mobsters during the Castellammarese War) were also referred to as zips.

[Wikipedia: Truscon Laboratories] Truscon Laboratories was a research and development chemical laboratory of the Trussed Concrete Steel Company ("Truscon") of Detroit, Michigan. It made waterproofing liquid chemical products that went into or on cement and plaster. The products goals were to provide damp-proofing and waterproofing finishing for concrete and Truscon steel to guard against disintegrating action of water and air.

[Wikipedia: Johnny Galecki] John Mark Galecki (born April 30, 1975) is an American actor. He is known for playing David Healy in the ABC sitcom "Roseanne" from 1992 to 1997 and Dr. Leonard Hofstadter in the CBS sitcom "The Big Bang Theory" since 2007. Galecki also appeared in the films "National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation" (1989), "Prancer" (1989), "Suicide Kings" (1997), "I Know What You Did Last Summer" (1997), "Bookies" (2003), and "In Time" (2011).

[Wikipedia: Dum Dum Girls] Dum Dum Girls are an American rock band, formed in 2008. It began as the bedroom recording project of singer and songwriter Dee Dee (née Kristin Gundred). She is currently based in New York City. The name is a double homage to the Vaselines' album "Dum Dum" and the Iggy Pop song "Dum Dum Boys". Critics initially assumed that Dee Dee's stage name was inspired by Dee Dee Ramone, but she stated that this was not true; it was her mother's name, which she took as her middle name after her mother's death. The last name "Penny" was erroneously provided by British music magazine "NME".

[Wikipedia: Tautiška giesmė] Tautiška giesmė ("The National Hymn"; ] ) is the national anthem of Lithuania, also known by its opening words "Lietuva, Tėvyne mūsų" (official translation of the lyrics: "Lithuania, Our Homeland", literally: "Lithuania, Our Fatherland") and as "Lietuvos himnas" (Hymn of Lithuania). The music and lyrics were written in 1898 by Vincas Kudirka, when Lithuania was still part of the Russian Empire. The fifty-word poem was a condensation of Kudirka's conceptions of the Lithuanian state, the Lithuanian people, and their past. Shortly before his death in 1899, the anthem was performed for Lithuanians living in Saint Petersburg, Russia.

[Wikipedia: Pimelea] Pimelea (often seen spelled "Pimelia", which is the name of a genus of beetles) is a genus of plants belonging to the family Thymelaeaceae. There are about 80 species in the genus, which is native to Australia and New Zealand. Many of the species are poisonous to cattle and horses.

[Wikipedia: Cool Runnings] Cool Runnings is a 1993 American comedy sports film directed by Jon Turteltaub and starring Leon, Doug E. Doug, Rawle D. Lewis, Malik Yoba and John Candy. The film was released in the United States on October 1, 1993. It was Candy's third to last film of his career and the last of his films to be released during his lifetime. It is loosely based on the true story of the Jamaica national bobsleigh team's debut in competition during the 1988 Winter Olympics in Calgary, Alberta, Canada. The film received positive reviews, and the film's soundtrack also became popular with Jimmy Cliff's cover of "I Can See Clearly Now" reaching the top 40 as a single in nations such as Canada, France, and the UK.

[Wikipedia: Sheer Heart Attack] Sheer Heart Attack is the third studio album by the British rock band Queen, released on 8 November 1974 by EMI Records in the United Kingdom and by Elektra Records in the United States. Digressing from the progressive themes featured on their first two albums, this album featured more conventional rock tracks and marked a step towards the "classic" Queen sound. It was produced by the band and Roy Thomas Baker and launched Queen to mainstream popularity in the UK and throughout the world.

[Wikipedia: Florida State Road 243] State Road 243 (SR 243), locally known as International Airport Boulevard, is a 2.255 mi state road in the northern part of Jacksonville, Florida. It runs from Interstate 295 (I-295) to SR 102 (Airport Road). The road's name comes from the fact that its northern terminus is at the entrance to Jacksonville International Airport.

[Wikipedia: Two and a Half Men (season 11)] The eleventh season of "Two and a Half Men" premiered on CBS on September 26, 2013, and concluded on May 8, 2014. Like the ninth season, this season marks another major change in the series as Amber Tamblyn joins the cast as Jenny, Charlie's illegitimate daughter. Tamblyn was promoted to series regular on October 2, 2013. This season is also the first and only season to not feature Angus T. Jones, who portrayed Jake Harper during the first ten seasons. He later returns the following season as a guest star in the show's final episode.

[Wikipedia: Lisa Wilcox] Lisa E. Wilcox (born April 27, 1964) is an American actress and designer. She made her film debut in the 1984 film "Gimme an 'F'". Wilcox is best known for her role as Alice Johnson in "" (1988) and the 1989 sequel "". Wilcox is also known for her role as Yuta in an episode of "" called "The Vengeance Factor" (1989). She subsequently starred in "Men Seeking Women" (1997), "Watchers Reborn" (1998), "Clinger" (2015), and "The Church" (2016). Wilcox has had guest appearances on several television series, such as "Knots Landing" (1989), "Boy Meets World" (1993-95), as well as a lead role on "Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventures" (1992). In 2009, Wilcox portrayed Nurse Owens in the web series "Fear Clinic". In 2010, Wilcox appeared as herself in the documentary "".

[Wikipedia: Bishop International Airport] Bishop International Airport (IATA: FNT, ICAO: KFNT, FAA LID: FNT) is a commercial and general aviation airport located in Flint, Michigan. It is named after banker and General Motors board member Arthur Giles Bishop (April 12, 1851 – January 22, 1944), who donated 220 acres of his farmland for the airport in 1928. The third busiest airport in Michigan, it surpassed competitor MBS International Airport in terms of airline operations in 2002. In 2007, 1,071,238 passengers used Bishop International Airport; in 2011, 938,914 passengers used the airport. It is included in the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2017–2021, in which it is categorized as a small hub primary commercial service facility. The airport is currently served by several passenger airlines: Allegiant Air, Southwest Airlines and Delta Air Lines operate mainline service out of the airport, as well as affiliates of Delta Connection, United Express and American Eagle. Additionally, FedEx Express and a FedEx Feeder affiliate operate cargo services out of the airport. Accompanying the airlines is fixed-base operator Av Flight that handles both general aviation and airline operations and the flight school American Wings Aviation. Bishop International Airport is in southwestern Flint, and is surrounded by Flint Township to the north, east and west; and Mundy Township to the south.

[Wikipedia: Guatemalan Dogo] Guatemalan Dogo ("Dogo Guatemalteco"), formerly known as the Guatemalan Bull Terrier ("Bullterrier Guatemalteco"), and Guatemalan Mastiff, is a Molosser-type dog breed originating in Guatemala. It is neither recognized by the Fédération Cynologique Internationale (FCI) nor the American Kennel Club (AKC). However, it has the official national recognition of the Asociación Canofila Guatemalteca (ACANGUA) where it belongs to the Group 2.2.1 - Mastiffs. As the unique breed originating in Guatemala, it is also the national dog of the country. Nowadays it has spread to various other countries, such as the USA.

[Wikipedia: Motohisa Ikeda] Motohisa Ikeda (池田 元久 , Ikeda Motohisa , born December 20, 1940) is a Japanese politician of the Democratic Party of Japan, a member of the House of Representatives in the Diet (national legislature). A native of Fujisawa, Kanagawa and graduate of Waseda University, he worked at the public broadcaster NHK as a reporter from 1964 to 1989. He was elected to the House of Representatives for the first time in 1990 as a member of the Japan Socialist Party but lost his seat in 1993. He was re-elected in 1996

[Wikipedia: Ömer Şişmanoğlu] Ömer Hasan Şişmanoğlu (born August 1, 1989) is a Turkish professional footballer who last played as a striker for Turkish club Beşiktaş.

[Wikipedia: Church of All Saints, Cople] Church of All Saints is a Grade I listed church in Cople, Bedfordshire, England. It became a listed building on 13 July 1964. The church, dedicated to All Saints, is constructed of sandstone and Dunstable clunch, in the Early English Period and Perpendicular styles. It contains a chancel with side chapels, nave with clerestory, aisles, south porch and a tower containing 5 bells. On the north side of the chancel, there is a marble altar tomb. The nave and chancel have been restored since 1877. The register dates from the year 1560. Its patron was Christ Church, Oxford.

[Wikipedia: Samuel Roth] Samuel Roth (1893 – July 3, 1974) was an American publisher and writer. He was the plaintiff in "Roth v. United States" (1957), which was a key Supreme Court ruling on freedom of sexual expression. The minority opinion, regarding redeeming social value as a criterion in obscenity prosecutions, became a template for the liberalizing First Amendment decisions of the 1960s.

[Wikipedia: Hanwell Band] The Hanwell Band was a brass band formed in Hanwell in 1891. It was first known as the Hanwell Town Band but after success in competition it was renamed the Hanwell Prize Band Another competition win in 1913 in Tottenham expanded the name to the Hanwell Silver Prize Band. In 1979, sponsorship by Roneo Vickers resulted in another name change to the Roneo Vickers Band but the company soon folded. The final name was then the Hanwell Band but the band did not long survive the loss of sponsorship.

[Wikipedia: List of Oakland Athletics no-hitters] The Oakland Athletics are a Major League Baseball franchise based in Oakland, California. They play in the American League West division. Also known in their early years as the “Philadelphia Athletics” (1901–54) and “Kansas City Athletics” (1954–67), pitchers for the Athletics have thrown eleven no-hitters in franchise history, five during the Philadelphia years and six after the move to Oakland but none during the Kansas City era. A no-hitter is officially recognized by Major League Baseball only “when a pitcher (or pitchers) retires each batter on the opposing team during the entire course of a game, which consists of at least nine innings.” No-hitters of less than nine complete innings were previously recognized by the league as official; however, several rule alterations in 1991 changed the rule to its current form. A no-hitter is rare enough that one team in Major League Baseball has never had a pitcher accomplish the feat. Two perfect games, a special subcategory of no-hitter, have been pitched in Athletics history. As defined by Major League Baseball, “in a perfect game, no batter reaches any base during the course of the game.” These feats were achieved by Catfish Hunter in 1968, which was the first perfect game in American League history since 1922, and Dallas Braden in 2010, which was the second perfect game in the majors – both against the same team – in ten months.

[Wikipedia: Pāvels Gumennikovs] Pāvels Gumennikovs (born January 1, 1986) is a Latvian film director, actor, writer, and producer. He started his film career in China, where he directed his first film "Kaleidoscope" (2010) that won him a best young director and best film award in Chinese Young Film director Festival. After that he directed a movie "I love You Riga" that become 3rd highest grossing in a country and was one of the 2 films considered to be nomination for Oscar. It was the runner out at the end for Oscar nomination (2011) that become one of the most successful movies in Latvia and were screened in cinemas around the country and participated in European Film Festivals, after that he directed a critique very well received TV show "Yes Boss" (2012), that was proclaimed as best made show in Latvia for great acting and directing. It was a revolutionary TV Show for Latvia, as it was first TV Show shoot in outside locations with scale of Hollywood TV Show production. The TV Show was shown on Muz-TV channel and TV5 and was seen by 300,000 people online.

[Wikipedia: Ebenezer Erskine] Ebenezer Erskine (22 June 1680 – 2 June 1754) was a Scottish minister whose actions led to the establishment of the Secession Church (formed by dissenters from the Church of Scotland).

[Wikipedia: Triclops!] Triclops! was a San Francisco and Oakland-based Acid Punk/progressive rock band formed in 2005. They released two full-length albums, a 7" picture disc single, and an EP on noted independent record labels Gold Standard Laboratories, Alternative Tentacles, and Sick Room Records. Triclops! includes members of noted bay area bands Victim's Family, Fleshies, Bottles and Skulls, and Lower Forty-Eight. The band went on hiatus in 2010 following the release of their second full-length "Helpers On The Other Side", with the members remaining busy in their older bands and new projects. Triclops! guitarist Christian Eric Beaulieu's current project is as the primary songwriter for Los Angeles-based band Anywhere, which also features progressive punk luminaries Mike Watt and Cedric Bixler-Zavala.

[Wikipedia: Sarah Paulson] Sarah Catharine Paulson (born December 17, 1974) is an American actress. After beginning her acting career on stage, she starred in the 1990s television series "American Gothic" (1995–96) and "Jack & Jill" (1999–2001). Paulson later appeared in comedy films such as "What Women Want" (2000) and "Down with Love" (2003), and had dramatic roles in films such as "Path to War" (2002) and "The Notorious Bettie Page" (2005). From 2006 to 2007, Paulson played the role of Harriet Hayes in the NBC comedy-drama series "Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip", for which she received her first Golden Globe Award nomination. In 2008, she starred as Ellen Dolan in the superhero noir film "The Spirit".

[Wikipedia: God Loves, Man Kills (album)] God Loves, Man Kills was One King Down's second release but first full-length album. It was released on December 8, 1998, through Equal Vision Records. Featuring new singer Jon Peters (who would eventually be replaced by original One King Down vocalist, Rob Fusco, this record saw One King Down attempt to merge funk and skiffle into their sound. The results received mixed reactions.

[Wikipedia: West Nile fever] West Nile fever is a mosquito-borne infection by the West Nile virus. Approximately 80% of West Nile virus infections in humans have few or no symptoms. In the cases where symptoms do occur—termed West Nile fever in cases without neurological disease—the time from infection to the appearance of symptoms is typically between 2 and 15 days. Symptoms may include fever, headaches, feeling tired, muscle pain or aches, nausea, loss of appetite, vomiting, and rash. Less than 1% of the cases are severe and result in neurological disease when the central nervous system is affected. People of advanced age, the very young, or those with immunosuppression, either medically induced, such as those taking immunosuppressive drugs, or due to a pre-existing medical condition such as HIV infection, are most susceptible. The specific neurological diseases that may occur are West Nile encephalitis, which causes inflammation of the brain, West Nile meningitis, which causes inflammation of the meninges, which are the protective membranes that cover the brain and spinal cord, West Nile meningoencephalitis, which causes inflammation of the brain and also the meninges surrounding it, and West Nile poliomyelitis—spinal cord inflammation, which results in a syndrome similar to polio, which may cause acute flaccid paralysis.

[Wikipedia: Erie BayHawks (2017–)] The Erie BayHawks are an American professional basketball team of the NBA G League and an affiliate of the Atlanta Hawks of the National Basketball Association. Based in Erie, Pennsylvania, the team will play their home games during the 2017–18 and 2018–19 seasons at the Erie Insurance Arena. The Atlanta Hawks currently plan to relocate their G League franchise to College Park, Georgia, before the 2019–20 season to play at a new arena in the Georgia International Convention Center. The team became the sixteenth D-League team to be owned by an NBA team.

[Wikipedia: Zionism in the Age of the Dictators] Zionism in the Age of the Dictators is a 1983 work by American Trotskyist Lenni Brenner. The book makes the argument that Zionist leaders collaborated with Fascism, particularly in Nazi Germany, in order to build up a Jewish presence in Palestine. One edition of the book features on its cover a medal struck by Nazi Propaganda Minister Joseph Goebbels to commemorate a visit by Leopold von Mildenstein of the Nazi SS elite corps to Palestine as a guest of the Zionist Federation of Germany.

[Wikipedia: University of St Andrews] The University of St Andrews (informally known as St Andrews University or simply St Andrews; abbreviated as St And, from the Latin "Sancti Andreae", in post-nominals) is a British public research university in St Andrews, Fife, Scotland. It is the oldest of the four ancient universities of Scotland and the third oldest university in the English-speaking world (following Oxford and Cambridge Universities). St Andrews was founded between 1410 and 1413, when the Avignon Antipope Benedict XIII issued a papal bull to a small founding group of Augustinian clergy.

[Wikipedia: Ray Birdwhistell] Ray Birdwhistell (September 28, 1918 – October 19, 1994) was an American anthropologist who founded kinesics as a field of inquiry and research. Birdwhistell coined the term "kinesics", meaning "facial expression, gestures, posture and gait, and visible arm and body movements". He estimated that "no more than 30 to 35 percent of the social meaning of a conversation or an interaction is carried by the words." Stated more broadly, he argued that "words are not the only containers of social knowledge." He proposed other technical terms, including kineme, and many others less frequently used today. Birdwhistell had at least as much impact on the study of language and social interaction generally as just nonverbal communication because he was interested in the study of communication more broadly than is often recognized. Birdwhistell understood body movements to be culturally patterned rather than universal. His students were required to read widely, sources not only in communication but also anthropology and linguistics. Collaborations with others, including initially Margaret Mead and Gregory Bateson, and later, Erving Goffman and Dell Hymes had huge influence on his work. For example, the book he is best known for, "Kinesics and Context", "would not have appeared if it had not been envisaged by Erving Goffman" and he explicitly stated "the paramount and sustaining influence upon my work has been that of anthropological linguistics", a tradition most directly represented at the University of Pennsylvania by Hymes.

[Wikipedia: Octopus: The Best of Syd Barrett] Octopus: The Best of Syd Barrett, released 29 May 1992, is a one-disc compilation of songs by Syd Barrett. It contains songs from his two solo albums, "The Madcap Laughs" and "Barrett", and the compilation outtakes/rarities album, "Opel". This album was later superseded by "".

[Wikipedia: Altamont Diary] Alamont Diary is the debut album by Melbourne electronica band Black Cab. Released in 2004, it is a concept album based on the ill-fated 1969 free concert at Altamont Speedway in California headlined by the Rolling Stones. The album, whose genre is described a psych-country, features audio samples of former Stones tour manager Sam Cutler, taken from the 1970 documentary film "Gimme Shelter".

[Wikipedia: John Faso] John James Faso Jr. (born August 25, 1952) is an American politician and the U.S. Representative for New York 's 19 congressional district since January 3, 2017. He served as minority leader of the New York State Assembly from 1998 until 2002, representing the 102nd district from 1987 until 2002. A Republican, he gave up his seat in the Assembly to run for New York State Comptroller in 2002, losing to Alan Hevesi. In 2006, he made a run for Governor of New York, but was defeated by Democratic nominee Eliot Spitzer.

[Wikipedia: What Ever Happened to Baby Toto?] What Ever Happened to Baby Toto? (Italian: "Che fine ha fatto Totò Baby?" ) is a 1964 Italian black comedy film written and directed by Ottavio Alessi. It is a parody of Robert Aldrich's "What Ever Happened to Baby Jane?".

[Wikipedia: 1995 CFL Draft] The 1995 CFL Draft composed of seven rounds and 55 Canadian football players that were chosen from eligible Canadian universities as well as Canadian players playing in the NCAA. The first eight picks of the draft were part of a "bonus round" awarded to teams who had complied with the Competitive Expenditure Cap. The following round, consisting of picks 9-16, was the regular first round of the draft.

[Wikipedia: Esperanto vocabulary] The word base of Esperanto was originally defined by "Lingvo internacia", published by L. L. Zamenhof in 1887. It contained some 900 root words. The rules of the language allow speakers to borrow words as needed, recommending only that they look for the most international words, and that they borrow one basic word and derive others from it, rather than borrowing many words with related meanings. In 1894, Zamenhof published the first Esperanto dictionary, "Universala vortaro", which was written in five languages and supplied a larger set of root words.

[Wikipedia: Bush v. Palm Beach County Canvassing Board] Bush v. Palm Beach County Canvassing Board, 531 U.S. 70 (2000), was a United States Supreme Court decision involving Florida voters during the 2000 presidential election. In this case, the U.S. Supreme Court requested clarification from the Florida Supreme Court regarding a decision it had made. Shortly after the Florida Supreme Court provided those clarifications, the U.S. Supreme Court resolved the election in favor of George W. Bush over Al Gore in the case of "Bush v. Gore".

[Wikipedia: Jana Gantnerová-Šoltýsová] Jana Gantnerová-Šoltýsová (born 30 September 1959 in Kežmarok) is a Slovak former alpine skier who competed for Czechoslovakia in the 1976 Winter Olympics, 1980 Winter Olympics, and 1984 Winter Olympics.In December 1980 she won an Alpine Skiing World Cup downhill in Altenmarkt, becoming the first east European skier to win a World Cup race. Her best performance at the Olympics was a fifth place in the downhill in 1984. Since retiring from competition she has served as president of the Slovak Skiing Association, as a member of the Slovak Olympic Committee Executive Board, as a member of the International Ski Federation Alpine Commission, and as Deputy Chef de Mission for the Slovak team at the 2010 Winter Olympics. She is the mother of alpine skier Jana Gantnerová.

[Wikipedia: Sun Ben] Sun Ben (birth and death dates unknown), courtesy name Boyang, was a cousin of Sun Quan, a warlord who lived in the late Eastern Han dynasty and later became the founding emperor of the state of Eastern Wu in the Three Kingdoms period. He was the eldest son of Sun Qiang, the twin brother of Sun Quan's father Sun Jian. He first served Sun Jian in the campaign against Dong Zhuo. After Sun Jian's death, he took control of the army and went to serve Yuan Shu. He would soon rejoin Sun Ce (Sun Jian's eldest son and successor). He died of illness after the Battle of Red Cliffs. He was succeeded by his son Sun Lin (孫鄰).

[Wikipedia: The World of Indiana Jones] The World of Indiana Jones is a role-playing game published by West End Games, based on the Indiana Jones franchise. West End Games acquired the rights to publish an Indiana Jones role-playing game ten years after the publication of TSR's "The Adventures of Indiana Jones Role-Playing Game" (1984).

[Wikipedia: What Livin's All About] What Livin's All About is the third studio album by American country music artist Rhett Akins. It was released in 1998 on MCA Nashville. The album accounted for two singles: "More Than Everything" and "Better Than It Used to Be", which respectively reached #41 and #47 on the "Billboard" country singles charts. It was also his only release for MCA. The track "I'll Be Right Here Lovin' You" was later released as a single by Randy Travis from his 1999 album "A Man Ain't Made of Stone".

[Wikipedia: Perth Canyon] Perth Canyon is a submarine canyon located on the edge of the continental shelf off the coast of Perth, Western Australia, approximately 22 km west of Rottnest Island. It was carved by the Swan River, probably before the Tertiary, when this part of the continental shelf was above sea level. It is an average of 1.5 km deep and 15 km across, making it similar in dimension to the Grand Canyon.

[Wikipedia: M2 Hyde] The Hyde-Inland M2 was a United States submachine gun design submitted for trials at Aberdeen Proving Ground in February, 1941. Work was undertaken by General Motors Inland Manufacturing Division to develop workable prototypes of George Hyde's design patented in 1935. The model first submitted for trials in April 1942 was designated the "Hyde-Inland 1". Trials revealed the design was superior to the M1 submachine gun in mud and dirt tests, and its accuracy in full-automatic firing was better than any other submachine gun tested at the time. An improved "Hyde-Inland 2" was designated U.S. Submachine gun, Caliber .45, M2 as a substitute standard for the M1 Thompson in April, 1942. As Inland's manufacturing capacity became focused on M1 carbine production, the US Army contracted M2 production to Marlin Firearms in July, 1942. Marlin began production in May 1943. Marlin's production failed to match the trials prototype performance; and Marlin's original contract for 164,450 M2s was canceled in 1943 upon adoption of the M3 submachine gun. The M2 is chambered for the .45 ACP cartridge and used the same 20- or 30-round magazine as the Thompson. Its cyclic rate of fire is 570 rounds per minute. None of the approximately 400 manufactured were issued by any branches of the United States military.

[Wikipedia: History of England] England became inhabited more than 800,000 years ago, as the discovery of flint tools and footprints at Happisburgh in Norfolk has revealed. The earliest evidence for early modern humans in North West Europe, a jawbone discovered in Devon at Kents Cavern in 1927, was re-dated in 2011 to between 41,000 and 44,000 years old. Continuous human habitation in England dates to around 13,000 years ago (see Creswellian), at the end of the last glacial period. The region has numerous remains from the Mesolithic, Neolithic, and Bronze Age, such as Stonehenge and Avebury. In the Iron Age, England, like all of Britain south of the Firth of Forth, was inhabited by the Celtic people known as the Britons, including some Belgic tribes (e.g. the Atrebates, the Catuvellauni, the Trinovantes, etc.) in the south east. In AD 43 the Roman conquest of Britain began; the Romans maintained control of their province of Britannia until the early 5th century.

[Wikipedia: 2017 McDonald's All-American Boys Game] The 2017 McDonald's All-American Boys Game is an All-star basketball game that was played on Wednesday, March 29, 2017 at the United Center in Chicago, Illinois, home of the Chicago Bulls. The game's rosters features the best and most highly recruited high school boys graduating in 2017. The game is the 40th annual version of the McDonald's All-American Game first played in 1977.

[Wikipedia: Tom Thumb (film)] Tom Thumb (stylised as tom thumb) is a 1958 fantasy-musical film directed by George Pal and released by MGM. The film, based on the fairy tale of the same name, is about a tiny man who manages to outwit two thieves determined to make a fortune from him.

[Wikipedia: No. 25 Squadron RAAF] No. 25 (City of Perth) Squadron is a general reserve squadron of the Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF). It is based at RAAF Base Pearce in Perth, Western Australia, and forms part of the Combat Reserve Wing. The squadron was formed in early 1937 and until early 1939 was designated as "No. 23 Squadron". During World War II, it provided local air defence for the Perth region, before undertaking Army co-operation duties in 1943–44 and then converting to the heavy bomber role in 1945. In the heavy bomber role, the squadron took part in operations against Japanese targets in the Netherlands East Indies and supported Allied ground operations during the Borneo Campaign. Following the end of hostilities, No. 25 Squadron was disbanded in mid-1946 but was re-raised two years later as a Citizen Air Force unit based out of Pearce. From 1948 the squadron's reservists flew jet fighters to provide air defence over Western Australia, but the squadron ceased flying duties in 1960 and switched to the ground support role. In 1989, flying operations resumed as No. 25 Squadron assumed responsibility for jet introduction training and fleet support; this role ceased in 1998 and since then the squadron has been tasked with providing a pool of trained personnel to the Air Force.

[Wikipedia: BBDO] BBDO is a worldwide advertising agency network, with its headquarters in New York City. The agency began in 1891 with George Batten's Batten Company, and later in 1928, through a merger of BDO (Barton, Durstine & Osborn) and Batten Co. the agency became BBDO. BBDO Worldwide has been named the "Most Awarded Agency Network in the World" by "The Gunn Report" for six consecutive years beginning 2005. It has won "Network of the Year" at the Cannes Lions five times. With more than 15,000 employees in 289 offices in 80 countries, it is the largest of three global networks (BBDO, DDB, TBWA) of agencies in Omnicom's portfolio. BBDO was named Global Agency of the Year by "Adweek" in 2011. It has also been named Agency of the Year in 2005 by "Adweek", "Advertising Age", and "Campaign". In 2006, Mayor Michael Bloomberg proclaimed January 10 as BBDO day in recognition of the strength of its advertising, as well as its contributions to New York City.

[Wikipedia: Ross Case] Ross Case (born 1 November 1951) is an Australian former tennis player. His career-high singles ranking was world no. 14.

[Wikipedia: Isis (Lully)] Isis is a French opera ("tragédie en musique") in a prologue and five acts with music by Jean-Baptiste Lully and a libretto by Philippe Quinault, based on Ovid's "Metamorphoses". The fifth of Lully's collaborations with Quinault, it was first performed on 5 January 1677 before the royal court of Louis XIV at the Château de Saint-Germain-en-Laye and in August received a run of public performances at the Théâtre du Palais-Royal. It was Lully's first published score (partbooks in 1677); a full score was published in 1719.

[Wikipedia: 3rd Annual Latin Grammy Awards] The 3rd Annual Latin Grammys were held in Los Angeles at the Kodak Theatre on Wednesday, September 18, 2002. Alejandro Sanz was the night's big winner winning a total of three awards including Album of the Year. The ceremony returned in style after the 2001 ceremony was cancelled because of the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks across America, and all presenters apologized to viewers during the broadcast for such.

[Wikipedia: Lewis Merenstein] Lewis Merenstein (October 23, 1934 – September 6, 2016) was an American record producer, most famous as the producer of the Van Morrison album "Astral Weeks", and as executive producer for "Moondance", Morrison's 1970 album. "Astral Weeks" was listed as #19 on the Rolling Stone Magazine's The 500 Greatest Albums of All Time in 2003. In November 2006, when CNN published their list of "The All-Time 100 Albums", "Astral Weeks" was on the list, along with "Moondance".

[Wikipedia: Lesotho Correctional Services FC] Lesotho Correctional Services football club are a team based in Maseru, Lesotho. They compete in the Lesotho Premier League and have won four league titles.

[Wikipedia: Operation Balavegaya] Operation Balavegaya (Operation Power force) was a combined military operation launched by the Sri Lankan military in Jaffna, the largest amphibious assault in its history. Operation Balavegaya was launched in response to the siege of Elephant Pass by the LTTE. It is believed that Operation Balavegaya was the largest and most successful military operation of the Sri Lankan military until Operation Riviresa in 1995.

[Wikipedia: John Lonergan (artist)] John Lonergan was an American artist, educator, and writer. He was born in Troy, NY. Sources variously list the year of his birth as 1895, 1896,1897. Lonergan died in New York City in 1969. His art often depicted the sea and the men who worked it, done in various mediums. These include gouache, drawing in charcoal and ink, lithography and screen printing. Lonergan studied art in Paris at Ecole des Beaux-Arts. During his career he taught at Friends Seminary, Columbia Grammar School, and Greenwich House, all in New York City. In 1939 he published a handbook on gouache painting, "Materials and Techniques of Gouache Painting".

[Wikipedia: Mark Twain Memorial Bridge] The Mark Twain Memorial Bridge is the name for two bridges over the Mississippi River at Hannibal, Missouri, childhood home of Mark Twain, for whom the bridge is named. The current bridge, north of the original bridge, was finished in 2000. The bridge currently carries traffic for Interstate 72 and U.S. Highway 36. The state of Missouri has put up a stone picture of Twain on the Missouri side of the bridge.

[Wikipedia: Remedy (film)] Remedy is an 2005 American crime drama directed by Christian Maelen and written by Sandy Eiges, Nicholas Reiner, and Charlotte Wise. The film stars Maelen, Arthur Nascarella, Jon Doscher, Frank Vincent, Vincent Pastore, and Chuck Zito.

[Wikipedia: The Morning Chronicle] The Morning Chronicle was a newspaper founded in 1769 in London, England, and published under various owners until 1862, when its publication was suspended, with two subsequent attempts at continued publication. From 28 June 1769 to March 1789 it was published under the name "The Morning Chronicle, and London Advertiser". From 1789 to its final publication in 1865, it was published under the name "The Morning Chronicle". It was notable for having been the first steady employer of essayist William Hazlitt as a political reporter, and the first steady employer of Charles Dickens as a journalist; for publishing the articles by Henry Mayhew that were collected and published in book format in 1851 as "London Labour and the London Poor"; and for publishing other major writers, such as John Stuart Mill.

[Wikipedia: List of royal tours of Canada (21st century)] Canadian royal tours in the 21st century carry on the tradition of the previous 300 years, either as an official tour, a working tour, a vacation, or a period of military service by a member of the Royal Family. Originally, official tours were events predominantly for Canadians to see and possibly meet members of their royal family, with the associated patriotic pomp and spectacle. However, nearing the end of the 20th century, such occasions took on the added dimension of a theme; for instance, the 2005 tour of Saskatchewan and Alberta by Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh, was deemed to be a vehicle for Her Majesty and all other Canadians to honour "The Spirit of Nation Builders". Also, junior members of the Royal Family began to undertake unofficial "working" tours of Canada as well; in this method, royal figures are invited by provinces, municipalities, and other organizations to events which the latter fund without assistance from the federal government. Charles, Prince of Wales; Anne, Princess Royal; Prince Andrew, Duke of York; and Prince Edward, Earl of Wessex, and Sophie, Countess of Wessex, have all made several small tours in this fashion.

[Wikipedia: Soledad High School] Soledad High School is a public secondary school located in Soledad, California, United States. It was opened in 1999 and is the largest high school in the South Monterey County,serving grades 9 through 12. In 2013, the school had approximately 1,401 students. Soledad High School's mascot is the Aztec Warrior. The school is being run by its seventh principal in 15 years.

[Wikipedia: Verbal fluency test] Verbal fluency tests are a kind of psychological test in which participants have to produce as many words as possible from a category in a given time (usually 60 seconds). This category can be semantic, including objects such as animals or fruits, or phonemic, including words beginning with a specified letter, such as "p", for example.

[Wikipedia: Chinese Taipei at the 2008 Summer Olympics] The Republic of China (Taiwan) competed Chinese Taipei at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, where it sent 80 competitors in a record 15 sports. Since 1984, athletes from Taiwan have competed at the Olympics as "Chinese Taipei", not as the "Republic of China (ROC)", due to opposition from the People's Republic of China.

[Wikipedia: Water spaniel] Water spaniel (capitalized in the names of recognized breeds) was originally a term for water dogs generally, and today refer to several different breeds of water dogs that actually are spaniels, such as:

[Wikipedia: Associate degree] An associate degree (or associate's degree) is an undergraduate academic degree awarded by colleges and universities upon completion of a course of study intended to usually last two years. It is considered to be greater level of education than a high school diploma or GED.

[Wikipedia: Sarah MacLean] Sarah MacLean (born December 17, 1978) is a New York Times bestselling American author of young adult novels and romance novels. Her first adult romance novel, "Nine Rules to Break When Romancing a Rake" debuted on the New York Times Bestseller List, where it stayed for four weeks. Since then, all of her adult romance novels have been on the New York Times and USA Today bestseller lists. Since February 2014, MacLean has written a monthly romance novel review column for The Washington Post. She is a two-time winner of the Romance Writers of America RITA Award for Best Historical Romance for "A Rogue by Any Other Name" in 2013 and "No Good Duke Goes Unpunished" in 2014.

[Wikipedia: Terry Daniher] Terrence "Terry" John Daniher (born 15 August 1957) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with the South Melbourne and Essendon Football Clubs in the Australian Football League (AFL). Terry was also an assistant coach for the Essendon, Collingwood, St Kilda and Carlton Football Clubs. Terry's brothers, Neale, Anthony and Chris, also played for Essendon in the AFL. He is a member of the Australian Football Hall of Fame and the Wagga Wagga Sporting Hall of Fame and is a Champion of Essendon. Terry is currently the owner of Terry Daniher Cleaning Services, a cleaning company based in Melbourne.

[Wikipedia: Diphan] Diphan or Deepan (1972 – 13 March 2017) was an Indian film director best known for his Malayalam films. He was best known as the director of the blockbuster Puthiya Mukham, released in 2009 and starring Prithviraj Sukumaran. He died on 13 March 2017 after a long time with kidney problems. He was the son of the dubbing artist Anandavally.

[Wikipedia: 1996 Atlantic 10 Men's Basketball Tournament] The 1996 Atlantic 10 Men's Basketball Tournament was played from March 6 to March 9, 1996. The tournament was played at the Philadelphia Civic Center in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. The winner was named champion of the Atlantic 10 Conference and received an automatic bid to the 1996 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament. The University of Massachusetts won the tournament for the fifth year in a row. Massachusetts eventually reached the semifinals of the NCAA tournament. George Washington, Temple, and Virginia Tech also received bids to the tournament. Carmelo Travieso of Massachusetts was named the tournament's Most Outstanding Player. Future NBA players Marcus Camby (Massachusetts), Marc Jackson (Temple), and Tyson Wheeler (Rhode Island) were among those also named to the All-Championship Team. The top two teams in each division received a first-round bye.

[Wikipedia: Afterlife (play)] Afterlife is a 2008 play by Michael Frayn. It tells the life and career of Austrian theatrical director and actor Max Reinhardt, from the revival of the Salzburg Festival in 1920, which he helped to re-establish, until his death in New York in 1943. It draws from Hugo von Hofmannsthal's 1911 play Jedermann (based on the sixteenth-century English morality play, Everyman), which Reinhardt directed at the Salzburg Festival for many years following its revival in 1920.

[Wikipedia: Honda CB125] The Honda CB125 was a 122 cc motorcycle made by Honda from 1971-1975 (1973-1985 in the US). It had an overhead camshaft (OHC) engine with a 9500 rpm redline. The "S" model was produced from 1971 to 1975 and was replaced in 1976 by the "J" model (the US bikes retained the S designation). The newer model sported a two piece head, 124 cc displacement, and a larger carburetor.

[Wikipedia: Ariel Award for Best Supporting Actor] The Ariel Award for Best Supporting Actor (Spanish: Premio Ariel a Mejor Coactuación Masculina) is an award presented by the Academia Mexicana de Artes y Ciencias Cinematográficas (AMACC) in Mexico. It is given in honor of an actor who has delivered an outstanding performance in a supporting role while working within the Mexican film industry. In 1947, the 1st and 2nd Ariel Awards were held, with José Baviera and Fernando Soto winning for the films "La Barraca" and "Campeón Sin Corona", respectively. With the exception of the years 1958 to 1971, when the Ariel Awards were suspended, the award has been given annually. Nominees and winners are determined by a committee formed every year consisting of academy members (active and honorary), previous winners and individuals with at least two Ariel nominations; the committee submit their votes through the official AMACC website.

[Wikipedia: Jacques Mathou] Jacques Mathou is a French actor, best known for his appearance in "Delicatessen".

[Wikipedia: Coast Guard Air Station North Bend] Coast Guard Air Station North Bend (CGAS North Bend) was established September 28, 1974 at Southwest Oregon Regional Airport in North Bend, Oregon, United States. The unit houses 153 active duty, nine reserve duty and five civilian personnel. The unit operates five Eurocopter HH-65 Dolphin helicopters. CGAS North Bend received its first upgraded HH-65C Dolphin in 2007 The unit functions include search and rescue, law enforcement, marine environmental protection, aids to navigation, and enforcement of federal treaties.

[Wikipedia: Mark Tedeschi] Mark Alfred Guido Tedeschi, AM, QC (born 1952) is an Australian barrister, law professor, photographer and author. He has won numerous awards for his photography and has been featured in galleries throughout the world including in the State Library of New South Wales, the New South Wales Art Gallery, the Center for Fine Art Photography in Colorado, and the National Library in Canberra. He is the Senior Crown Prosecutor for New South Wales and the Head of Chambers of the 84 Crown Prosecutors. He is the founder and president of the Australian Association of Crown Prosecutors and a visiting professor at the University of Wollongong. As a prosecutor, Tedeschi is best known for the prosecution of numerous high-profile cases in Australia including the 2006 conviction of Dr. Suman Sood for illegal abortion and the Backpacker Murders committed by Ivan Milat in the 1990s.

[Wikipedia: Time Inc.] Time Inc. is a multinational mass media corporation founded on November 28, 1922 by Henry Luce and Briton Hadden and based in New York City. It owns and publishes over 100 magazine brands, most notably its flagship "Time". Other magazines include "Sports Illustrated", "Travel + Leisure", "Food & Wine", "Fortune", "People", "InStyle", "Life", "Golf Magazine", "Southern Living", "Essence", "Real Simple", and "Entertainment Weekly". It also has subsidiaries which it co-operates with the UK magazine house Time Inc. UK, whose major titles include "What's on TV", "NME", "Country Life", and "Wallpaper". Time Inc. also co-operates over 60 websites and digital-only titles including "MyRecipes", "TheSnug", HelloGiggles, and "MIMI".

[Wikipedia: Swift River (Bearcamp River)] The Swift River is an 8.3 mi river located in eastern New Hampshire in the United States. It is a tributary of the Bearcamp River, part of the Ossipee Lake / Saco River watershed leading to the Atlantic Ocean. The Swift River is located only four miles south of the larger and longer Swift River which parallels the Kancamagus Highway in the White Mountain National Forest.

[Wikipedia: Pierre Monteux] Pierre Benjamin Monteux (] ; 4 April 18751 July 1964) was a French (later American) conductor. After violin and viola studies, and a decade as an orchestral player and occasional conductor, he began to receive regular conducting engagements in 1907. He came to prominence when, for Sergei Diaghilev's Ballets Russes company between 1911 and 1914, he conducted the world premieres of Stravinsky's "The Rite of Spring" and other prominent works including "Petrushka", Ravel's "Daphnis et Chloé", and Debussy's "Jeux". Thereafter he directed orchestras around the world for more than half a century.

[Wikipedia: Larunda] Larunda (also Larunde, Laranda, Lara) was a naiad nymph, daughter of the river Almo in Ovid's "Fasti". The only known mythography attached to Lara is little, late and poetic, coming to us from Ovid’s "Fasti". She was famous for both beauty and loquacity (a trait her parents attempted to curb). She was incapable of keeping secrets, and so revealed to Jupiter's wife Juno his affair with Juturna (Larunda's fellow nymph, and the wife of Janus). For betraying his trust, Jupiter cut out Lara's tongue and ordered Mercury, the psychopomp, to conduct her to Avernus, the gateway to the Underworld and realm of Pluto. Mercury, however, fell in love with Lara and had sex with her on the way. Lara thereby became mother to two children, referred to as the Lares, invisible household gods. However, she had to stay in a hidden cottage in the woods so that Jupiter would not find her.

[Wikipedia: Howard C. Whisler] Howard C. Whisler (1931–2007) was an American mycologist. Born in Oakland, California, he attended Berkeley schools and then Palo Alto High School. Howard worked on his undergraduate degree at Oregon State College for two years and then went to the University of California, Berkeley, where he completed a Bachelor of Science degree in plant pathology in 1954. He joined the United States Air Force from 1954 to 1956 stationed in Italy. He returned to University of California, Berkeley after his military life and had finished his doctoral degree with Ralph Emerson in 1960. From 1960 to 1961 he held a post doctoral NATO-NSF Fellowship in France, at the Université de Montpellier. Howard was appointed assistant professor of Botany at McGill University in 1961. He was appointed to the faculty at the University of Washington on March 15, 1963 and worked until he died on September 16, 2007, at the age of 76.

[Wikipedia: McLaren MP4/13] The McLaren MP4/13 was a racing car that the McLaren Formula One team used during the 1998 Formula 1 season. Driven by Mika Häkkinen and David Coulthard, who were retained from the previous season, the car proved to be the dominant car of the season, taking Häkkinen to his first Drivers' Championship and securing McLaren's first constructor's title since 1991.

[Wikipedia: The General in Red Robes] The General in Red Robes (홍의 장군 - "Hongui janggun") is a 1973 South Korean film directed by Lee Doo-yong. It was awarded Best Film at the Grand Bell Awards ceremony.

[Wikipedia: Loan modification in the United States] Loan modification is the systematic alteration of mortgage loan agreements that help those having problems making the payments by reducing interest rates, monthly payments or principal balances. Lending institutions could make one or more of these changes to relieve financial pressure on borrowers to prevent the condition of foreclosure. Loan modifications have been practiced in the United States since The 2008 Crash Of The Housing Market from Washington Mutual, Chase Home Finance, Chase, JP Morgan & Chase, other contributors like MER's. Crimes of Mortgage ad Real Estate Staff had long assisted nd finally the squeaky will could not continue as their deviant practices broke the state and crashed. Modification owners either ordered by The United States Department of Housing, The United States IRS or President Obamas letters from Note Holders came to those various departments asking for the Democratic process to help them keep their homes and protection them from explosion. Thus the birth of Modifications. It is yet to date for clarity how theses enforcements came into existence and except b whom, but t is certain that note holders form the Midwest reached out in the Democratic Process for assistance. FBI Mortgage Fraud Department came into existence. Modifications HMAP HARP were also birthed to help note holders get Justice through reduced mortgage by making terms legal. Modification of mortgage terms was introduced by IRS staff addressing the crisis called the HAMP TEAMS that went across the United States desiring the new products to assist homeowners that were victims of predatory lending practices, unethical staff, brokers, attorneys and lenders that contributed to the crash. Modification were a fix to the crash as litigation has ensued as the lenders reorganized and renamed the lending institutions and government agencies are to closely monitor them. Prior to modifications loan holders that experiences crisis would use Loan assumptions and Loan transfers to keep the note in the 1930s. During the Great Depression, loan transfers, loan assumption, and loan bail out programs took place at the state level in an effort to reduce levels of loan foreclosures while the Federal Bureau of Investigation, Federal Trade Commission, Comptroller, the United States Government and State Government responded to lending institution violations of law in these arenas by setting public court records that are legal precedence of such illegal actions. The legal precedents and reporting agencies were created to address the violations of laws to consumers while the Modifications were created to assist the consumers that are victims of predatory lending practices. During the so-called "Great Recession" of the early 21st century, loan modification became a matter of national policy, with various actions taken to alter mortgage loan terms to prevent further economic destabilization. Due to absorbent personal profits nothing has been done to educate Homeowners or Creditors that this money from equity, escrow is truly theirs the Loan Note Holder and it is their monetary rights as the real prize and reason for the Housing Crash was the profit n obtaining the mortgage holders Escrow. The Escrow and Equity that is accursed form the Note Holders payments various staff through the United States claimed as recorded and cashed by all staff in real-estate from local residential Tax Assessing Staff, Real Estate Staff, Ordinance Staff, Police Staff, Brokers, attorneys, lending institutional staff but typically Attorneys who are also typically the owners or Rental properties that are trained through Bankruptcies'. that collect the Escrow that is rightfully the Homeowners but because most Homeowners are unaware of what money is due them and how they can loose their escrow. Most Creditors are unaware that as the note holder that the Note Holder are due a annual or semi annual equity check and again bank or other lending and or legal intuitions staff claim this monies instead. This money Note Holders were unaware of is the prize of real estate and the cause of the Real Estate Crash of 2008 where Lending Institutions provided mortgages to people years prior they know they would eventually loose with Loan holders purchasing Balloon Mortgages lending product that is designed to make fast money off the note holder whom is always typically unaware of their escrow, equity and that are further victimized by conferences and books on HOW TO MAKE MONEY IN REAL STATE - when in fact the money is the Note Holder. The key of the crash was not the House, but the loan product used and the interest and money that was accrued form the note holders that staff too immorally. The immoral and illegal actions of predatory lending station and their staff began with the inception of balloon mortgages although illegal activity has always existed in the arena, yet the crash created "Watch Dog" like HAMP TEAM, IRS, COMPTROLLER< Federal Trade Commission Consumer Protection Bureau, FBI, CIA, Local Police Department, ICE ( The FBI online Computer crime division receives and investigates computer crimes that record keeping staff from title companies, lending institutional staff, legal staff and others created fraudulent documents to change payments and billing of note holders to obtain the money note holders are typically unaware of) and other watch dog agencies came into existence to examine if houses were purchased through a processed check at Government Debited office as many obtained free homes illegally. Many were incarcerated for such illegal actions. Modifications fixed the Notes to proper lower interest, escrow, tax fees that staff typically raised for no reason. Many people from various arenas involved in reals estate have been incarcerated for these actions as well as other illegal actions like charging for a modification. Additionally Modifications were also made to address the falsifications such as inappropriate mortgage charges, filing of fraudulently deeds, reporting of and at times filing of fraudulent mortgages that were already paid off that were fraudulently continued by lenders staff and attorneys or brokers or anyone in the Real Estate Chain through the issues of real estate terms to continue to violate United States Laws, contract law and legal precedence where collusion was often done again to defraud and steal from the Note Holder was such a common practice that was evidence as to why the Mortgage Crash in 2008 occurred for the purpose of wining the prize of stealing form Homeowners and those that foreclosed was actually often purposefully for these monies note holders were unaware of to be obtained which was why Balloon mortgages and loans were given to the staff in the Real Estate Market with the hoper and the expectation that the loan holders would default as it offered opportunity to commit illegal transactions of obtaining the homeowners funds. While such scams were addressed through modifications in 2008. The Market relied heavily on Consumers ignorance to prosper, ignorance of real estate terms, ignorance on what they were to be charged properly for unethical financial gain and while staff in real estates lending arenas mingled terms to deceive y deliberate confusion consumers out of cash and homes while the USA Government provided Justice through President Obamas Inception and IRS Inception of Modifications which addressed these unethical profits in Reals Estate. It was in 2009 that HARP, HAMP and Modifications were introduced to stop the victimization of Note Holders. Taking on the Banks that ran USA Government was a great and dangerous undertaking that made America Great Again as Justice for Consumers reigned. Legal action taken against institutions that have such business practices can be viewed in State Code of Law and Federal Law on precedent cases that are available to the public. Finally, It had been unlawful to be charged by an attorney to modify as well as fro banking staff to modify terms to increase a mortgage and or change lending product to a balloon in an concerted effort to make homeowner foreclose which is also illegal, computer fraud and not the governments intended purpose or definition of a modification.

[Wikipedia: Bob Norman] Robert Creed Norman (born April 12, 1969) is a South Florida journalist who joined WPLG-Channel 10 in 2011 as an on-air investigative reporter. Previously he worked for several years as a weekly newspaper and online columnist who first broke the corruption story of $1 billion Ponzi scheme operator Scott Rothstein's October 27, 2009 flight to Morocco under suspicious circumstances. Rothstein, who returned to face inquiries, is a former Fort Lauderdale attorney investigated by the Federal Bureau of Investigation and arrested on 1 December 2009. In 2008 Bob Norman reported an unusual circumstance following the murder of Melissa Britt Lewis, employee of Rothstein Rosenfeldt Adler (RRA) law firm, wherein the prosecuting attorney in the Lewis murder case came to work with RRA two months after the murder. Rothstein has not been connected to the murder, however murder victim Ms. Lewis had been close to Debra Villegas, RRA Chief Operating Officer, whose husband Tony Villegas was identified as the murderer by the City of Plantation Police represented by Scott Rothstein.

[Wikipedia: Red Book (album)] Red Book is the seventh album from Scottish rock band Texas. It was released on 7 November 2005 and entered the UK Albums Chart at #16. It is named after the little red book that singer Sharleen Spiteri used to write the album songs. The album yielded two UK Top Ten singles, "Getaway" and "Sleep" and the UK Top 20 single, "Can't Resist". Four of the album's tracks were co-written with Brian Higgins of Xenomania — "Can't Resist", "Cry", "Get Down Tonight" and "Bad Weather".

[Wikipedia: One Way (film)] One Way is a 2006 crime drama/psychological thriller film written and directed by Reto Salimbeni and produced by Til Schweiger. The film stars Schweiger, Michael Clarke Duncan, Lauren Lee Smith and Eric Roberts. The international production was shot in Toronto, New York City, Vancouver and Cologne and was co-produced and distributed by Universal International Pictures.

[Wikipedia: Omar Rezaq] Omar Mohammed Ali Rezaq (born 1963) is the only surviving hijacker of EgyptAir Flight 648. He was a member of Abu Nidal. The plane was hijacked by a group of three people. The remaining two hijackers were killed, either during in-flight shooting with the plane's sky-marshal, Methad Mustafa Kamal, or after Egyptian commandos stormed the hijacked plane.

[Wikipedia: Final War of the Roman Republic] The Final War of the Roman Republic, also known as Antony's Civil War or The War between Antony and Octavian, was the last of the Roman civil wars of the republic, fought between Mark Antony (assisted by Cleopatra) and Octavian. After the Roman Senate declared war on the Egyptian queen Cleopatra, Antony, her lover and ally, betrayed the Roman government and joined the war on Cleopatra’s side. After the decisive victory for Octavian at the Battle of Actium, Cleopatra and Antony withdrew to Alexandria, where Octavian besieged the city until both Antony and Cleopatra committed suicide.

[Wikipedia: Changes to Old English vocabulary] Many words that existed in Old English did not survive into Modern English. There are also many words in Modern English that bear little or no resemblance in meaning to their Old English etymons. Some linguists estimate that as much as 80 percent of the lexicon of Old English was lost by the end of the Middle English period, including a large number of words formed by compounding, e.g. "bōchūs" ('bookhouse', 'library'), yet we still retain the component parts 'book' and 'house'. Certain categories of words seem to have been especially vulnerable. Nearly all words relating to sexual intercourse and sexual organs were supplanted by words of Latin or Ancient Greek origin. Many, if not most, of the words in Modern English that are used in polite conversation to describe body parts and bodily functions are of Latin or Greek origin. The words which were used in Old English for these same purposes are now mostly either extinct or considered crude or vulgar, such as arse/ass.

[Wikipedia: Waterworld: A Live Sea War Spectacular] Waterworld: A Live Sea War Spectacular is an attraction based on the 1995 film "Waterworld" found at Universal Studios Hollywood (1995), Universal Studios Japan (2001), and Universal Studios Singapore (2010). The original attraction opened at the same time as the film. Although the film was considered a critical and financial disappointment, the show was highly praised, winning a 1996 Thea Award from the Themed Entertainment Association. The attraction remains highly rated by park guests.

[Wikipedia: Football Manager (1982 series)] Football Manager is a video game series published and developed by Addictive Games, the label set up by the game's creator Kevin Toms. The first game was released in 1982. It was then ported to most home computers during the 1980s and spawned several sequels: "Football Manager 2" (1988) and "Football Manager World Cup Edition" (1990), both designed by Kevin Toms, and finally "Football Manager 3" (1992), without Toms' involvement. "Football Manager 3" sold poorly, and as a result the series came to an end. The series was claimed to have sold over a million copies by 1992. The game was to start a whole new genre of computer game, the football management simulation.

[Wikipedia: 2015 Accra floods] The 2015 Accra floods resulted from heavy continuous rainfall in Accra, the largest city in Ghana. The rain started on 1 June 2015. Other causes of this flood is as a result of the improper planning of settlement in Accra, choked gutters which block the drainage system and a few other human factors. The floods have resulted in heavy traffic on the roads in the city and also a halt in commercial activities as markets were flooded and workers trapped. Mayor of Accra Metropolitan Assembly, Alfred Oko Vanderpuije described the flooding as critical. At least 25 people have died from the flooding directly, while a petrol station explosion caused by the flooding killed at least 200 more people.

[Wikipedia: The Stepfather (1987 film)] The Stepfather is a 1987 American psychological horror thriller film directed by Joseph Ruben and starring Terry O'Quinn, Jill Schoelen and Shelley Hack. O'Quinn stars as Henry Morrison, an identity-assuming serial killer who remarries a widow with a teenage daughter. After previously killing his family and changing his identity, his killing spree continues after his stepdaughter becomes suspicious about him. It is loosely based on the life of mass murderer John List, although the plot is more commonly associated with slasher films of the era than a true story. The film was written by Donald E. Westlake, from a story by Westlake, Carolyn Lefcourt and Brian Garfield.

[Wikipedia: William Roper] William Roper (c. 1496 – 4 January 1578) was an English lawyer and member of Parliament. The son of a Kentish gentleman, he married Margaret, daughter of Sir Thomas More. He wrote a highly regarded biography of his father-in-law.

[Wikipedia: Centro de Congresos Queretaro] Centro de Congresos Queretaro is a multipurpose convention center and indoor arena located in Queretaro, Queretaro. It was started in 2007 and finished after a two year pause of the construction, in 2011, due to the continued growth of both the city and the state. Prior to the completion of the Centro de Congresos, the Auditorio Josefa Ortiz de Dominguez was the largest indoor venue in Queretaro. However, that arena had been built in 1985, when Queretaro's population was less than half its current population. The growth of Queretaro's population eventually escalated to the point that a venue with a much larger capacity was needed, resulting in this venue.

[Wikipedia: Fox News Talk] Fox News Talk is a satellite radio channel that showcases talk shows and news reports from Fox News Channel personalities, along with other Fox News and talk programming. Fox News Talk carries a combination of Fox News syndicated radio programming, Fox News Channel show audio simulcasts, and Fox newscasts at the top of the hour.

[Wikipedia: A Plague of Butterflies] "A Plague of Butterflies" is a short story by American writer Orson Scott Card. It was originally published in an anthology, edited by Card, entitled "Dragons of Darkness". His short story "Middle Woman" appeared in the same book under the pseudonym Byron Walley. "A Plague of Butterflies" was later reprinted in his short story collection "Maps in a Mirror".

[Wikipedia: Sandy Hollow–Gulgong railway line] The Sandy Hollow–Gulgong railway line is a railway line in eastern New South Wales, Australia. The line forms a cross country connection from the Main North line in the Upper Hunter region to the Gwabegar line in the Central West region. The line is approximately 125 kilometres in length. From the Gwabegar line, trains can then ultimately reach the Main West line creating a circuitous bypass of Sydney for freight traffic heading between the west and north of New South Wales. The line was opened in 1985.

[Wikipedia: Premio Gabriela Mistral] The Premio Gabriela Mistral (Premio Interamericano de Cultura "Gabriela Mistral" or Gabriela Mistral Inter-American Prize for Culture) was an award made by the Organization of American States. It was created in 1979 in memory of the Nobel laureate Gabriela Mistral.

[Wikipedia: Chris Carpenter (disambiguation)] Chris Carpenter (born 1975) is a retired American baseball pitcher.

[Wikipedia: Swing Around the Circle] Swing Around the Circle refers to a disastrous speaking campaign undertaken by U.S. President Andrew Johnson between August 27 and September 15, 1866, in which he tried to gain support for his mild Reconstruction policies and for his preferred candidates (mostly Democrats) in the forthcoming midterm Congressional elections. The tour received its nickname due to the route that the campaign took: "Washington, D.C., to New York, west to Chicago, south to St. Louis, and east through the Ohio River valley back to the nation's capital".

[Wikipedia: 2014–15 San Antonio Spurs season] The 2014–15 San Antonio Spurs season was the 48th season of the franchise, 39th in the National Basketball Association (NBA) and 42nd in the San Antonio area. The Spurs were the defending NBA Champions, having defeated the Miami Heat in the 2014 NBA Finals 4 games to 1. On April 3, 2015 after their victory over the Denver Nuggets they clinched a 50+ win season for the 16th consecutive season. The Spurs started the season slow and exceeded their previous season of 20 losses, but managed an eleven-game winning streak within the last 12 games and finished 55-27, finishing third in the Southwest on a tie breaker to the Memphis Grizzlies. The Spurs' season ended with a Game 7 first round loss to the Los Angeles Clippers, after a layup by Chris Paul with 1 second on the clock. The team hired former WNBA point guard Becky Hammon as an assistant head coach, making her the first full-time female assistant coach in the NBA .

[Wikipedia: John Burt (field hockey)] John Burt (15 April 1877 – 29 April 1935) was a Scottish field hockey player. He competed in the 1908 Summer Olympics as a member of the Scottish team, for the United Kingdom, which won the bronze medal. His brother, Alexander, also was a member of the Scottish team.

[Wikipedia: Amherst Avenue Historic District] Amherst Avenue Historic District is a national historic district located at Ticonderoga, in Essex County, New York. The district contains 16 contributing buildings on ten properties; 10 houses and six garages. It includes single-family homes built between 1921 and 1923 by W.A. Gale for the Ticonderoga Pulp and Paper Company as rental properties for company management. Gale also constructed the houses in the Lake George Avenue Historic District.

[Wikipedia: Deepwater Horizon oil spill] The "Deepwater Horizon" oil spill (also referred to as the BP oil spill, the BP oil disaster, the Gulf of Mexico oil spill, and the Macondo blowout) began on April 20, 2010, in the Gulf of Mexico on the BP-operated Macondo Prospect. Killing eleven people, it is considered the largest marine oil spill in the history of the petroleum industry and estimated to be 8% to 31% larger in volume than the previous largest, the Ixtoc I oil spill. The US Government estimated the total discharge at 4.9 Moilbbl . After several failed efforts to contain the flow, the well was declared sealed on September 19, 2010. Reports in early 2012 indicated that the well site was still leaking.

[Wikipedia: Bill Blizzard] William H. "Bill" Blizzard (September 19, 1892 – 1958) was a union organizer, a commander of the miners' army during the Battle of Blair Mountain, and president of District 17 of the United Mine Workers. Blizzard is most remembered for his role in the Battle of Blair Mountain, leading the miners against the forces of Logan County sheriff Don Chafin. For his leadership role in the battle, Blizzard was charged with treason, but was acquitted at his trial on these charges. From that time forward, he remained an important leader within the UMW and organized labor.

[Wikipedia: Julio Sabater] Julio Sabater (18 December 1926 in Ponce, Puerto Rico– 5 February 2003 in New York City, New York) was a Puerto Rican hurdler who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics.

[Wikipedia: Buck Rogers XXVC] Buck Rogers XXVC (sometimes written as Buck Rogers in the 25th Century) is a game setting created by TSR, Inc. in the late 1980s. Products based on this setting include novels, graphic novels, a role-playing game (RPG), board game, and video games. The setting was active from 1988 until 1995.

[Wikipedia: St Wilfrid's Chapel, Church Norton] St Wilfrid's Chapel, also known as St Wilfrid's Church and originally as St Peter's Church, is a former Anglican church at Church Norton, a rural location near the village of Selsey in West Sussex, England. In its original, larger form, the church served as Selsey's parish church from the 13th century until the mid 1860s; when half of it was dismantled, moved to the centre of the village and rebuilt along with modern additions. Only the chancel of the old church survived in its harbourside location of "sequestered leafiness", resembling a cemetery chapel in the middle of its graveyard. It was rededicated to St Wilfrid—7th-century founder of a now vanished cathedral at Selsey—and served as a chapel of ease until the Diocese of Chichester declared it redundant in 1990. Since then it has been in the care of the Churches Conservation Trust charity. The tiny chapel, which may occupy the site of an ancient monastery built by St Wilfrid, is protected as a Grade I Listed building.

[Wikipedia: It Was Raining That Night] It Was Raining That Night is a film simultaneously made in English-Bengali bilingual film. Written and directed by Indian actor-director Mahesh Manjrekar, it is a relationship drama. The film was notable for being a joint venture production of India,USA and Bangladesh. Stars Riaz, Riya Sen, Sushmita Sen, Victor Banerjee, Mahesh Manjrekar, Moon Moon Sen, Dawn Moeller, Stefanie Siegel.

[Wikipedia: 2006 FIA Formula One World Championship] The 2006 FIA Formula One World Championship was the 60th season of FIA Formula One motor racing. It featured the 2006 FIA Formula One World Championship which began on 12 March and ended on 22 October after eighteen races. The Drivers' Championship was won by Fernando Alonso of Renault F1 for the second year in a row, with Alonso becoming the youngest ever double world champion at the time. Then-retiring multiple world champion Michael Schumacher of Scuderia Ferrari finished runner-up, 13 points behind. The Constructors' Championship was won by Mild Seven Renault F1 Team, which defeated Scuderia Ferrari Marlboro by five points.

[Wikipedia: Rei Kawakubo] Rei Kawakubo (川久保 玲 , Kawakubo Rei ) (b. 1942) is a Japanese fashion designer based in Tokyo and Paris. She is the founder of Comme des Garçons and Dover Street Market. In recognition of the notable design contributions of Kawakubo, an exhibition of her designs entitled "Rei Kawakubo/Commes des Garçons, Art of the In-Between" opened on May 5, 2017 at the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City.

[Wikipedia: Doyle Brunson] Doyle F. Brunson (born August 10, 1933) is an American poker player who has played professionally for over 50 years. He is a two-time World Series of Poker (WSOP) Main Event champion, a Poker Hall of Fame inductee, and the author of several books on poker.

[Wikipedia: Eugene Habecker] Dr. Eugene B. Habecker is the 30th president of Taylor University and chairman of Christianity Today. Previously, Habecker was president of the American Bible Society. He is also the author of several books, two coauthored with his wife, Marylou Habecker. He was inaugurated in a ceremony on Friday, April 28, 2006, in Odle Arena on the Upland campus, only two days after a tragic fatal car accident involving several students and employees.

[Wikipedia: Charles Murray (bishop)] Charles Herbert Murray (21 September 1899 – 26 June 1950) was the Anglican Bishop of Riverina in Australia from 1944 until his death in the 1950 Australian National Airways Douglas DC-4 crash in Western Australia. Also killed was the Dean of Newcastle, the Very Reverend Norman Blow.

[Wikipedia: National Association for Chiropractic Medicine] The National Association for Chiropractic Medicine (NACM) was a minority chiropractic association founded in 1984 that described itself as a "consumer advocacy association of chiropractors". It openly rejected some of the more controversial aspects of chiropractic, including a basic concept of chiropractic, vertebral subluxations as the cause of all diseases. It also sought to "reform the chiropractic profession away from a philosophical scope of practice and towards an applied science scope of practice." It stated that it was "dedicated to bringing the scientific based practice of chiropractic into mainstream medicine" and that its members "confine their scope of practice to scientific parameters and seek to make legitimate the utilization of professional manipulative procedures in mainstream health care delivery." "While the NACM is focused on furthering the profession, its primary focus is on the rights and safety of the consumers." The NACM was the object of much controversy and criticism from the rest of the profession. It quietly dropped out of sight and its demise apparently occurred sometime between May 30, 2008 and March 6, 2010.

[Wikipedia: Robert Parish] Robert Parish (born August 30, 1953) is an American retired basketball center. He was known for his strong defense, his high arcing jump shooting, and his clutch rebounding late in games. Robert Parish was elected to the Basketball Hall of Fame in 2003. In 1996, Parish was also named as one of the 50 Greatest Players in NBA History. His nickname was The Chief, after the fictitious Chief Bromden, a silent, giant Native American character in the film "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest". According to Parish, former Celtics forward Cedric Maxwell gave him this nickname because of his stoic nature. He played an NBA-record 1,611 regular season games in his career.

[Wikipedia: Michael Ayers (boxer)] Michael Ayers (born 26 January 1965) is a British form boxer who was British lightweight champion between 1995 and 1997 and IBO world lightweight champion between 1999 and 2001.

[Wikipedia: Shillelagh Sisters] The Shillelagh Sisters were a UK female group composed of Jacquie O'Sullivan (vocals), Lynder Halpin (double bass), Patricia "Trisha" O'Flynn (saxophone) and Maria "Mitzi" Ryan (drums). Their music style was a mixture of rockabilly and punk rock, influenced by Halpin and O'Sullivan's boyfriends, who were, respectively, Boz Boorer (guitarist) and Phil Bloomberg (bassist), both of the rockabilly group The Polecats.

[Wikipedia: Craig Krenzel] Craig Krenzel (born July 1, 1981) is a former American football quarterback. He played college football at The Ohio State University. As the starting quarterback, he led the 2002 Ohio State Buckeyes football team to a national championship. He played professionally in the National Football League (NFL) for one season, in 2004, with the Chicago Bears. Krenzel is currently a radio commentator for WBNS 97.1 The FAN in Columbus, which broadcasts the Ohio State Buckeyes football games.

[Wikipedia: Victoria Peak] Victoria Peak (, or previously ) is a mountain in the western half of Hong Kong Island. It is also known as Mount Austin, and locally as The Peak. With an elevation of 552 m , it is the highest mountain on Hong Kong island, ranked 31 in terms of elevation in the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (Tai Mo Shan is the highest point in the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region with an elevation of 957 m).

[Wikipedia: Media in New York's Capital District] The media in New York's Capital District is part of the Albany-Schenectady-Troy media market, which is the 56th largest in the United States, includes all of the 11 counties of the Capital District, along with Hamilton County, New York, as well as Berkshire County, Massachusetts, and Bennington County, Vermont. In total, there are 16 AM/MW stations, 30 full-power FM stations, 14 low-power FM translators, 8 full power analog TV stations, 5 low-power TV translators, and 8 full power digital TV (DTV) stations licensed to communities within 30 miles (48 km) of downtown Albany. In terms of broadcast media, Albany is part of Arbitron market #63 (radio), and Nielsen DMA #57 (television), and is a broadcast market with historical relevance. The pioneering influence of General Electric in Schenectady directly contributed to the area emerging as the birthplace of station-based television (WRGB) and one of the earliest FM broadcast stations (today's WRVE), in addition to the first federally licensed radio station in upstate New York, WGY.

[Wikipedia: Dwight James Baum] Dwight James Baum (1886–1939) was an American architect most active in New York and in Sarasota, Florida. His work includes Cà d'Zan, the Sarasota Times Building (1925), Sarasota County Courthouse (1926), early residences in Temple Terrace, Florida, Sarasota County Courthouse (1927), Pinecroft, West Side YMCA on 63rd Street between Central Park and Columbus Avenue, Columbus Circle (Syracuse, NY) (1934) and Hendricks Memorial Chapel.

[Wikipedia: Polish–Soviet War in 1919] In 1918, the German Army in the east was the most powerful force in the region. Even more importantly, it was not only undefeated, it was victorious (in contrast to the German Army on the western front). However the commander of the German forces in the east, Max Hoffmann, a chief negotiator in the Treaty of Brest-Litovsk, was facing increasing difficulties. He believed, rightly, that his army was the only stabilising influence over the Eastern Europe. Yet with the disintegration of Austria-Hungary, rise of Bolsheviks in the east and various independent governments between the former frontline and Germany, the former "Oberkommando-Ostfront" (or "Ober-Ost") occupation zone became a thin line to nowhere, connected only to still-German Prussia. The deteriorating situation in Germany, facing the threat of civil war, eventually forced Hoffman to begin to retreat westwards, to Germany, in December 1918. Demoralized officers and mutinous soldiers abandoned their garrisons "en masse" and returned home. Only a limited number of units still retained any combat strength.

[Wikipedia: Burning Up (film)] Burning Up is a 1930 American Pre-Code action film directed by A. Edward Sutherland and written by Grover Jones and William Slavens McNutt. The film stars Richard Arlen as a racing driver and Mary Brian as his love interest, the daughter of a fellow driver. An early talkie, the film also features motorcycle stunts, and also stars Francis McDonald, Sam Hardy, Charles Sellon, and Tully Marshall. The film was released on February 1, 1930, by Paramount Pictures.

[Wikipedia: Jennifer Ward-Lealand] Jennifer Cecily Ward-Lealand, ONZM (born 8 November 1962 ), is a New Zealand screen and theatre actress whose screen CV includes starring in 1993 movie "Desperate Remedies", and appearances in "The Footstep Man", soap "Shortland Street" and Australian comedy series "Full Frontal".

[Wikipedia: The Name of the Doctor] "The Name of the Doctor" is the thirteenth and final episode of the seventh series of the British science-fiction drama "Doctor Who" and was broadcast on 18   2013 (2013--) . It was written by Steven Moffat and directed by Saul Metzstein.

[Wikipedia: Red Dead Redemption] Red Dead Redemption is a Western action-adventure video game developed by Rockstar San Diego and published by Rockstar Games. It was released for PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 consoles in May 2010. It is the second title in the "Red Dead" franchise, after 2004's "Red Dead Revolver". The game, set during the decline of the American Frontier in the year 1911, follows John Marston, a former outlaw whose wife and son are taken hostage by the government in ransom for his services as a hired gun. Having no other choice, Marston sets out to bring the three members of his former gang to justice.

[Wikipedia: Children's Peace Monument] The Children's Peace Monument (原爆の子の像 , Genbaku no Ko no Zō , lit. "Atomic Bomb Children Statue") is a monument for peace to commemorate Sadako Sasaki and the thousands of child victims of the atomic bombing of Hiroshima. This monument is located in Hiroshima, Japan. Sadako Sasaki, a young girl, died of leukemia from radiation of the atomic bomb dropped on Hiroshima on 6 August 1945.

[Wikipedia: Deliverance (Bubba Sparxxx album)] Deliverance is the second album by American rapper Bubba Sparxxx. It was released on September 16, 2003, by Beat Club and Interscope Records. It was produced by Timbaland and Organized Noize. The album debuted at number 10 on the "Billboard" 200 with 64,500 copies sold in the first week released. Although this album was only moderately successful, selling around 350,000 copies, it is regarded by many critics such as "The Source", "Hip Hop Connection" and more mainstream magazines such as "Q" to be something of a landmark in hip-hop music. The album's main strength according to critics was that it embraced Sparxxx's grass roots, with production heavily influenced by country music and similar musical styles. This influence is evident on tracks such as "Comin' Round" which sampled its chorus from a track by the bluegrass group Yonder Mountain String Band, leadout single "Jimmy Mathis" which is led by a catchy harmonica tune from the Area Code 615 track "Stone Fox Chase", and "She Tried" led by a washboard rhythm section and a mellow fiddle sound.

[Wikipedia: Derek Scott (music director)] Derek Scott (25 December 1921 – 27 May 2006) was a British film, television and stage musical director, film and television composer and musician. He started his career as a double act with both Terry-Thomas and Tony Hancock before becoming a composer for film and television and "one of Britain’s best known light entertainment musical directors."

[Wikipedia: The Red Queen (novel)] The Red Queen is a 2010 historical novel by Philippa Gregory, the second of her series "The Cousins' War". It is the story of Margaret Beaufort, mother of Henry VII of England. The 2013 BBC One television series "The White Queen" is a 10-part adaptation of Gregory's novels "The White Queen" (2009), "The Red Queen" and "The Kingmaker's Daughter" (2012), and features Amanda Hale as Margaret Beaufort.

[Wikipedia: Game Informer] Game Informer (GI) is an American monthly video game magazine featuring articles, news, strategy, and reviews of video games and associated consoles. It debuted in August 1991 when FuncoLand started publishing a six-page magazine. The publication is owned and published by GameStop Corp., the parent company of the video game retailer of the same name, who bought FuncoLand in 2000. Due to this, a large amount of promotion is done in-store, which has contributed to the success of the magazine; it is now the 4th most popular magazine by copies circulated. "Game Informer" has since become an important part of GameStop's customer loyalty program, Power Up Rewards, which offers subscribers access to special content on the official website.

[Wikipedia: Congo–Ocean Railway] The Congo–Ocean Railway (COR; French: "Chemin de fer Congo-Océan" , CFCO ) links the Atlantic port of Pointe-Noire (now in the Republic of Congo) with Brazzaville, a distance of 502 km . It bypasses the rapids on the lower Congo River; from Brazzaville river boats are able to ascend the Congo River and its major tributaries, including the Oubangui River to Bangui.

[Wikipedia: From the Choirgirl Hotel] From the Choirgirl Hotel is the fourth studio album by American singer and songwriter Tori Amos, released on May 5, 1998. A departure from her previous albums, it was more a heavily produced project featuring a full rock band sound (instead of Amos's usual minimalist piano sound). The album debuted at number 5 on the "Billboard" 200 and number 6 in the UK. While falling short of the number 2 debut for her previous album, "Boys for Pele" (1996), "From the Choirgirl Hotel" is Amos's strongest debut to date in US sales, selling 153,000 copies in the first week. In 1999, Amos received two Grammy nominations: Alternative Music Performance, and Female Rock Vocal Performance for "Raspberry Swirl".

[Wikipedia: Ego the Living Planet] Ego the Living Planet is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. The character first appeared in "Thor" #132 (September 1966) and was created by writer Stan Lee and artist Jack Kirby. Ego is portrayed by Kurt Russell in "Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2".

[Wikipedia: Am I Ever Gonna See Your Face Again] "Am I Ever Gonna See Your Face Again" is an Australian rock song written by Doc Neeson, John Brewster and Rick Brewster, and performed by their group, the Angels. The song was initially recorded as a ballad in March 1976 but subsequently re-released as a rock song. The song is best known for the expletive-laden audience response, "No Way, Get Fucked, Fuck Off", to the live version, which was issued in March 1988. This chant has been described by "The Guardian"' s Darryl Mason as "one of the most famous in Australian rock history".

[Wikipedia: Lewis and Clark County, Montana] Lewis and Clark County is a county located in the U.S. state of Montana. As of the 2010 census, the population was 63,395. Its county seat is Helena, the state capital. The numerical designation for Lewis and Clark County (used in the issuance of the state's license plates) is 5. The county was established in 1865 as Edgerton County, and was renamed "Lewis and Clark County" two years later. The present name was given in honor of explorers Lewis and Clark.

[Wikipedia: Nashville Terminal Subdivision] The Nashville Terminal Subdivision is a railroad line owned by CSX Transportation in the U.S. State of Tennessee. The Subdivision is broken up into 5 sections all in Nashville, Tennessee. The northern part of the Terminal is in Madison, Tennessee at milepost 000/0BA 174 on the southern end of the Ex-L&N Mainline Subdivision at Monfort. Disptach for the Mainline Sub is known as "LD" which is part of the Cincinnati Division. From here in Madison begins the double track that stays for another 22 miles south to Brentwood, Tennessee. At milepost 000/0BA/00H 176.6, the famous Johnny Cash "Amqui" location where the Ex-L&N Evansville, Indiana line, the Henderson Subdivision meets with the Terminal. Dispatch for the Henderson Sub is known as "SA" and operates on AAR58. There are two crossings near each other, Williams Ave and Nesbitt Lane at Amqui. From here the Terminal goes south about 2 miles to the Nashville National Cemetery to the first major location, known as Ekin, 000179, where there is a cross over track from number 1 to number 2 track (left to right track). There is also the first EDD (Defect Detector) at 000179.1. Few more miles southward, the next major location appears. At 000181.0, Maplewood is a major location for the Terminal. From here the regular Terminal goes south to swap crews at Kayne Ave, and the right side, Radnor Cutoff, detours the city and gives yard departures and arrivals direct access to and from Radnor yard to cities like Louisville and Chicago. The Cutoff runs from Maplewood to Shelby Park double track. From Shebly the track converges into one to pass the historic Shelby bridge, then it opens back to double track. From there, the cutoff hits the Intermediates at 0BA187.0 known as Chicken Pike. The Radnor Cutoff carries the L&N mainline classification of "0BA" but meets the main at the same milepost from the Terminal. At Chicken Pike, trains are staged to await arrival to Radnor yard. Once they get clearance, speed is decreased to 15, and at 0BA188.1 the EDD (Defect Detector) sounds for departures and arrivals. This location is known as North Radnor. The right track diverging from the #2 is known as A-1, it is for departure trains to Chattanooga and Atlanta. The left track which goes west from the #1 is known as A-2, and serves as a departure track to Memphis, and if the cutoff is out of service, all northbound departures. The interesting piece of Maplewood is the crossovers that are there to move trains from the Cutoff to the Main. Both lines remain double track for a while. The main runs south for 2 more miles until the Intermediate signals at 000183.0. Commonly trains will stop before Delmas Ave when Kayne Ave is at capacity and await dispatch permission before moving south. From here, the main continues south until the CR Cumberland River Swingbridge, where the main converges into a single track shortly to cross the bridge. At this point, trains had been running at track speed of around 40. From the drawbridge into town, speed is reduced to around 10. After the bridge is passed, the main returns to double track in downtown. On the #1 track about a half a mile south, another connecting track is present. This is the Wye track that connects the main with the Bruceton side, while rarely used for mainline trains, locals and river jobs use it. The location is known as 8th Avenue or 8th Avenue Wye. The main then runs down to Kayne Ave, the central hotbed of all Nashville thru traffic. The Memphis, Tennessee Ex-L&N Bruceton Subdivision meets with the Terminal. The Bruceton Sub begins at Church Street at 00N0.0. The line then runs single track until 00N0.7 "11th Avenue" where it turns into double track and also meets the aforementioned, Wye track. The Bruceton line then goes southwest a while to the next signals, at "Shops". Now speed has been increased. The line is still double track until "Sellars", where speed is increased to 40 and jurisdiction transferred to the SD Dispatcher. For a short time, 4 main tracks are present and an additional fifth track for switchers and yard movements. The tracks from left to right in Kayne Ave are as follows: 100, 99, 98, 12, 3. The Kayne Ave yard is also here in this area, which houses some frieght and some switcher engines. The tracks to the old shed are covered and removed. The Union Station is not an active station, but a historic hotel. Crew change usually occurs at the "walkway" which is under the Demombreun St bridge by the Kayne Ave Tower. This is also where the Ex-NC&StL Chattanooga Subdivision begins. Then tracks run south to Fogg St/South End where things get complicated. At milepost 000/0BA/00J187 the 98 track merges into the 12 track, making for 3 tracks now. There is a crossover from 99 to 12, also a crossover from 12 to 3. About 2/10ths of a mile down the 99 merges into the 12 track reducing the tracks back to the regular double. About 4/10ths of a mile down the line from Fogg St, 000187.4, Oak St, is a crossover track from #2 to #1 (the track names are no longer 3 and 12, but are back to regular names). When trains use this crossover northbound, such as Memphis bound trains from the A-2 line, they refer to it as "Long Lead". And now, the Terminal splits into two parts. The right side turns into a single track shortly, and will become the Chattanooga Subdivision, and the left side runs south to Brentwood. The right track runs single shortly until double track for a while. This begins part of the Chattanooga Sub or J-Line. The #2 meets with the A-2 connection track at 00J2.2 known as A-2. Speed is now increased to 40. Commonly northbounds will stage at 4th Ave on the #1 to await clearance. Now about a mile down the #1 meets the A-1 connection line. At 00J3.6 known as A-1. Further down the double track ends at Glencliff (00J4.9). Now it runs single for three miles until it hits Danley, which has the D Line connection track, which is an arrival track for incoming Radnor trains from the J Line. At Danley, the Terminal ends but the same dispatcher handles traffic, "SC". At Oak Street, our main terminal line goes south two miles to 000189.0 known as Criaghead or Vine Hill. There is a crossover here from #1 to #2 track. And there is also a connection/delivery track to the Nashville and Eastern Railroad which connects the Tennessee Central Railroad Museum to a major railroad. Trains sometimes stop on the #2 before Craighead if they are waiting to enter Radnor yard. Sometimes trains wait on the #1 at the Berry Road crossing if they await arrival to Kayne Ave. At this point, speed has been increased to 30 from 10. Moving south, the line hits Radnor Yard at 000192. The #2 track meets the E-Line arrival track which most Memphis trains and locals use. The B-Line which meets the #1 track is used for departures out of the C yard and local jobs. At Mayton, 000192.3, the B line meets the #1 track, and there is a crossover track from #2 to #1. Speed is now at 40. 2 miles south, at 000194.0, South Radnor, the next intersection is present. This is where the Radnor A yard meets the main. There is a single departure/arrival track that meets the #2 track along with a crossover from #1 to #2 track. Commonly, the #2 track south of the signals is used to halt trains. This location is known as TVA, because of the power station that is adjacent. From here the Terminal runs about 2.5 miles south until we hit the southern tip. The tracks converge onto one single main, at 000/0BA196.6 known as Brentwood. Speed is increased to 50 and jurisdiction to the S.E. dispatcher. The right track is the main, S&NA North, while the left track is the Nashville Subdivision which runs to Columbia and exchanges freight with the TSRR. The Nashville Terminal Subdivision is one of the busiest locations on the CSX network, and one of the most important.

[Wikipedia: Baker Ranger Station] Baker Ranger Station was established in 1911 at the edge of Baker, Nevada to administer U.S. government lands in White Pine County, Nevada. The original 80 acre plot was first known as the Baker Administrative Site, becoming a year-round ranger station in 1918 for the Baker Ranger District of Nevada National Forest. The compound became a guard station and work site with the division of Nevada National Forest into Humboldt and Toiyabe National Forests in 1957. In 1986 Great Basin National Park was established and the station was transferred to the National Park Service as an administrative center for the park.

[Wikipedia: Black squirrel monkey] The black squirrel monkey ("Saimiri vanzolinii"), also known as the blackish squirrel monkey or black-headed squirrel monkey, is a small New World primate, endemic to the central Amazon in Brazil. It largely resembles the female of the far more common Bolivian squirrel monkey, though the latter lacks the black central back.

[Wikipedia: Altanochir (1882–1949)] Altanochir (1882–1949) was an Inner Mongolian prince, politician, and general under the Republic of China and Mengjiang governments. He served as deputy head of Yeke-juu League (today Ordos City). An ethnic Mongol, he was a native of Right-Wing Rear Banner, Ordos (today administered as Hanggin Banner, Ordos City).

[Wikipedia: Grieg Academy] The Grieg Academy (Norwegian: "Griegakademiet" ) has historically served as an umbrella term referring to higher education music programs in Bergen, the birthplace of composer Edvard Grieg, as well as various collaborations across music institutions in Bergen, Norway. However, as of mid-2016, due to mergers between several Norwegian institutions, the structure of Grieg Academy is changing and its remaining components are expected to be a doctoral research school (Grieg Research School in Interdisicplinary Music Studies) and various research groups. Specifically, this is due to a merger between the University of Bergen’s Faculty of Humanities with the Bergen Academy of Art and Design, as well as a nearly simultaneous merger between Bergen University College and two other university colleges in western Norway: Stord/Haugesund University College and Sogn og Fjordane University College to become, in January 2017, Western Norway University of Applied Sciences (HvL) The music programs across HvL will be the largest music department in western Norway in terms of the number of full time teachers.

[Wikipedia: Madana (film)] Madana is a 2006 Indian Kannada film directed by actor Jai Jagadish, making his directorial debut. The film, a remake of the successful 2004 Tamil film "Manmadhan", written by Silambarasan Rajendar, stars Aditya in the title role with Samiksha, Charmila, Shobaraj, Ramesh Bhat and Bullet Prakash playing supporting roles. The film was released in 3 November 2006 to poor reviews and failed to attract the audience, ending up as box office bomb.

[Wikipedia: 67th Tony Awards] The 67th Annual Tony Awards were held June 9, 2013, to recognize achievement in Broadway productions during the 2012–13 season. The ceremony returned to Radio City Music Hall in New York City, after two years at Beacon Theatre, and was broadcast live on CBS television. Neil Patrick Harris hosted for the third consecutive year, his fourth time as host. Awards in four of the eight acting categories, (Best Actress in a Play, Best Actor in a Musical, Best Actress in a Musical, Best Featured Actor in a Play) were given to African-American performers. Furthermore, it is the second time in Tony history that both directing prizes went to women. Garry Hynes and Julie Taymor had previously won in 1998. "Kinky Boots" had a season best 13 nominations and 6 awards. Cyndi Lauper, who wrote the score for "Kinky Boots", is the first solo female winner for Best Original Score.

[Wikipedia: Michigan gubernatorial election, 2006] The Michigan gubernatorial election of 2006 was one of the 36 U.S. gubernatorial elections held November 7, 2006. Incumbent Democratic Governor Jennifer Granholm was re-elected over Republican businessman Dick DeVos and three minor party candidates. Granholm was re-elected with 56% of the vote.

[Wikipedia: Akita (dog)] The Akita (秋田犬 , Akita-inu, Akita-ken ) is a large breed of dog originating from the mountainous northern regions of Japan. There are two separate varieties of Akita: a "Japanese" strain, commonly called "Akita Ken" in Japan, "Akita Inu" ("inu" means "dog" in Japanese), or "Japanese Akita"; and an "American" strain, known as the "Akita" or "American Akita". The Japanese strain called the Akita Inu comes in a narrow palette of colors, with all other colors considered atypical of the breed, while the American strain known simply as the Akita comes in all dog colors. The Akita has a short double-coat similar to that of many other northern spitz breeds such as the Siberian Husky, but long-coated dogs can be found in many litters due to a recessive gene.

[Wikipedia: 1908 Nashville vs. New Orleans baseball game] The 1908 Nashville vs. New Orleans baseball game dubbed by Grantland Rice "The Greatest Game Ever Played in Dixie" was a 1–0 pitching duel to decide the Southern Association championship in the deadball era, on the last day of the season. The Nashville Vols won the game and thus the pennant by .002 percentage points, after finishing the prior season in last place. Both teams had the same number of losses (56), but the New Orleans Pelicans were in first place with 76 wins to the Vols' second-place 74. Carl Sitton used his spitball to out-pitch Ted Breitenstein for a complete-game, nine-strikeout, four-hit, shutout. According to one account, "By one run, by one point, Nashville has won the Southern League pennant, nosing New Orleans out literally by an eyelash. Saturday's game, which was the deciding one, between Nashville and New Orleans was the greatest exhibition of the national game ever seen in the south and the finish in the league race probably sets a record in baseball history".

[Wikipedia: Project A Part II] Project A Part II (; aka Jackie Chan’s Project A II) is a 1987 Hong Kong action film written and directed by Jackie Chan, who also starred in the lead role. It is the sequel to the 1983 film "Project A". Jackie Chan plays "Sergeant Dragon Ma" once again, Sammo Hung and Yuen Biao, stars from the original film, are absent. The film was released in the Hong Kong on 19 August 1987.

[Wikipedia: Ian McEwan] Ian Russell McEwan (born 21 June 1948) is an English novelist and screenwriter. In 2008, "The Times" featured him on their list of "The 50 greatest British writers since 1945", and also in 2008 "The Daily Telegraph" ranked him number 19 in their list of the "100 most powerful people in British culture".

[Wikipedia: Karl von Kosertiz] Karl Julius Christian Adalbert Heinrich Ferdinand von Koseritz, known simply as Karl von Koseritz (Dessau, 1834-Porto Alegre, 1890) was a German-Brazilian journalist, writer, teacher, playwright and politician. He fought in the First Schleswig War as a soldier, before moving to Brazil. After arriving in 1851, he established himself in Pelotas in the province of Rio Grande do Sul. He worked as a cook, painter and bookkeeper before becoming a journalist. In 1856 he married a Brazilian woman and changed his first name to Carlos. In 1886, already living in Porto Alegre, he became editor of "A Reforma", the Liberal Party's official newspaper, which headed the abolitionist campaign in the province. He continued a monarchist until his death, and was seen as an important person in the German colonies of Rio Grande do Sul

[Wikipedia: Ahardin] Ahardin is a musical bow played by southern Tuaregs consists of a curved branch held with a twisted rope of raw leather or bark of acacia. Serving as a sound box, a reversed calabash is placed on the curved part of the bow on the ground. To hold the whole, the player presses her knee on the container. With the fingers of the left hand, as with the imzad, she defines the melody, while with the thumb and forefinger of the right hand, she grip the string with a regular gesture vibrate. At present, the ahardin, an instrument whose manufacture is easily improvised, is considered above all as a game of girls.

[Wikipedia: Casanova Variations] Casanova Variations is a 2014 French-Austrian-German fantasy historical drama film written and directed by Michael Sturminger and starring John Malkovich. It is based on "Histoire de ma vie" by Giacomo Casanova, who is played by Malkovich.

[Wikipedia: Eldritch Wizardry] Eldritch Wizardry is a supplementary rulebook by Gary Gygax and Brian Blume, written for the original edition of the "Dungeons & Dragons" ("D&D") fantasy role-playing game, which included a number of significant additions to the core game. Its product designation is TSR 2005.

[Wikipedia: Comic book] A comic book or comicbook, also called comic magazine or simply comic, is a publication that consists of comic art in the form of sequential juxtaposed panels that represent individual scenes. Panels are often accompanied by brief descriptive prose and written narrative, usually dialog contained in word balloons emblematic of the comics art form. Although comics has some origins in 18th century Japan and 1830s Europe, comic books were first popularized in the United States during the 1930s. The first modern comic book, "Famous Funnies", was released in the United States in 1933 and was a reprinting of earlier newspaper humor comic strips, which had established many of the story-telling devices used in comics. The term "comic book" derives from American comic books once being a compilation of comic strips of a humorous tone; however, this practice was replaced by featuring stories of all genres, usually not humorous in tone.

[Wikipedia: Museum of Human Beings] Museum of Human Beings, included in the National American Indian Heritage Month Booklist, November 2012 and 2013 is a novel written by Colin Sargent, which delves into the heart-rending life of Jean-Baptiste Charbonneau, the son of Sacagawea. Sacagawea was the Native American guide, who at 16 led the Lewis and Clark expedition.

[Wikipedia: The Main Event (1979 film)] The Main Event is a 1979 American sports romantic comedy film starring Barbra Streisand and Ryan O'Neal, written by Gail Parent and directed by Howard Zieff.

[Wikipedia: Better Off Alone] "Better Off Alone" is a song by Alice Deejay, the trance music project of Dutch producer Jürgen Rijkers (DJ Jurgen) in collaboration with Sebastiaan Moljin and Eelke Kahlberg (Pronti & Kalmani). In 1998, the song was released as an instrumental by DJ Jurgen on Violent Records. Later releases of the track included vocals by Judith Pronk, who would later become a seminal part of the Alice Deejay project.

[Wikipedia: Kent Brockman] Kent Brockman is a fictional character in the animated television series "The Simpsons". He is voiced by Harry Shearer and first appeared in the episode "Krusty Gets Busted". He is a grumpy, self-centered local Springfield news anchor.

[Wikipedia: Styx] In Greek mythology, Styx ( ; Ancient Greek: Στύξ ] ) is a deity and a river that forms the boundary between Earth and the Underworld (the domain often called Hades, which also is the name of its ruler). The rivers Styx, Phlegethon, Acheron, Lethe, and Cocytus all converge at the center of the underworld on a great marsh, which sometimes is also called the Styx. According to Herodotus, the river Styx originates near Feneos. Styx is also a goddess with prehistoric roots in Greek mythology as a daughter of Tethys, after whom the river is named and because of whom it had miraculous powers.

[Wikipedia: Distaghil Sar] Disteghil Sar or Distaghil Sar (Urdu: ‎ ) is the highest mountain in the Hispar Muztagh, a subrange of the Karakoram mountain range, in Gilgit-Baltistan. It is the 19th highest mountain on earth and the 7th highest peak in Pakistan. Destghil sar is a Wakhi language word, that means "above the inner ranch." The mountain has an about 3 km long top ridge above 7400m with three distinct summits: (north)west 7885m, central 7760 m, and (south)east 7696m or 7535m ().

[Wikipedia: England women's national under-23 football team] The England women's national under-23 football team, also known as England women Under-23s or England women U23(s), is a youth association football team operated under the auspices of The Football Association. Its primary role is the development of players in preparation for the senior England women's national football team. As long as they are eligible, players can play for England at any level, making it possible to play for the U23s, senior side, and again for the U23s, as Natasha Dowie, Rachel Williams and Danielle Buet have done recently. In 2005 Casey Stoney played for the team in the Nordic Cup, despite already having 30 caps at senior level. It is also possible to play for one country at youth level and another at senior level (providing the player is eligible). Helen Lander and Kylie Davies decided to play for Wales at senior level after playing for England U23s, while Sophie Perry elected to play for Ireland.

[Wikipedia: Franck Ribéry] Franck Henry Pierre Ribéry (] ; born 7 April 1983) is a French professional footballer who plays for German club Bayern Munich. He is a former France national team player. He primarily plays as a winger, preferably on the left side although being right-footed, and is known for pace, energy, skill and precise passing. Ribéry is described as a player who is fast, tricky and an excellent dribbler, who has great control with the ball at his feet. Since joining Bayern, he has been recognised on the world stage as one of the best French players of his generation. The previous talisman of the French national team, Zinedine Zidane, has called Ribéry the "jewel of French football".

[Wikipedia: Love It or List It Vancouver] Love It or List It Vancouver is a Canadian home design reality TV series airing on the W Network. The show was the first spin off from "Love It or List It" and was the second show in the "Love it or List It" franchise. The show is produced by Big Coat Productions and is based in the Greater Vancouver area and other surrounding areas in British Columbia, Canada. The show premiered as a prime-time program on W Network in January 2013. It stars former "The Bachelor" and "The Bachelorette" star Jillian Harris, and real estate agent Todd Talbot. In the United States, the show is titled Love It or List It, Too, and airs on the HGTV network. In Canada, new episodes of season three started airing on July 6, 2015 on W Network at 10pm; in the US new episodes of "Love It or List It, Too" (the US title, season five) started airing on July 24, 2015.

[Wikipedia: Around Us Entertainment] Around Us Entertainment is a South Korean independent entertainment company established by Yoon Doo-joon, Yang Yo-seob, Yong Jun-hyung, Lee Gi-kwang, Son Dong-woon from boy group Highlight, formerly known as BEAST, after leaving their former label Cube Entertainment.

[Wikipedia: I Got a Love] "I Got A Love" is the first single from Pete Rock & CL Smooth's second album, "The Main Ingredient", released in 1994. The song is a horn and guitar-driven love-jam, which sees CL exploring his "ladies man" persona which he first introduced on "Lots of Lovin'". It samples "Ain't Got the Love (Of One Girl on My Mind)" by The Ambassadors. The B-Side is the title track from "The Main Ingredient". The single also contains a downtempo remix of "I Got A Love".

[Wikipedia: 1999 Stella Artois Championships – Singles] Scott Draper was the defending champion but lost in the third round to Sargis Sargsian.

[Wikipedia: Ralph Gracie] Ralph Gracie (the Pitbull; born May 25, 1971) is a Brazilian martial artist who has competed in mixed martial arts. He is the son of Robson Gracie and brother to Charles Gracie, Renzo Gracie and the late Ryan Gracie of the Gracie family.

[Wikipedia: Akodontini] Akodontini is the second most speciose rodent tribe of the subfamily Sigmodontinae. It includes at least 106 living species in 19 genera and is distributed mainly in the southern half of South America, with only two genera extending into Guyana ("Podoxymys") and Venezuela ("Necromys"). It also includes genera previously placed in tribe Scapteromyini. The following genera are now generally recognized:

[Wikipedia: Friesian horse] The Friesian (also Frizian) is a horse breed originating in Friesland, in the Netherlands. Although the conformation of the breed resembles that of a light draught horse, Friesians are graceful and nimble for their size. It is believed that during the Middle Ages, ancestors of Friesian horses were in great demand as war horses throughout continental Europe. Through the Early Middle Ages and High Middle Ages, their size enabled them to carry a knight in armour. In the Late Middle Ages, heavier, draught type animals were needed. Though the breed nearly became extinct on more than one occasion, the modern day Friesian horse is growing in numbers and popularity, used both in harness and under saddle. Most recently, the breed is being introduced to the field of dressage.

[Wikipedia: John Whenham] John Whenham is an English musicologist and academic who specializes in early Italian baroque music. He earned both a Bachelor of Music and a Master of Music from the University of Nottingham, and a Doctor of Philosophy from the University of Oxford. He is a leading expert on the life and works of Claudio Monteverdi, and is the author of the books "Duet and Dialogue in the Age of Monteverdi" (Ann Arbor, Michigan: University Microfilms International, 1982) "Monteverdi, 'Orfeo' " (London: Cambridge University Press, 1986), "Monteverdi, Vespers (1610)" (Cambridge University Press, 1997), and "The Cambridge Companion to Monteverdi" (with Richard Wistreich, Cambridge University Press, 2007). For five years he was co-editor of the journal "Music & Letters". He currently serves on the board of the Birmingham Early Music Festival and is head of the music history department at the University of Birmingham.

[Wikipedia: Warsaw Confederation] The Warsaw Confederation, signed on January 28, 1573 by the Polish national assembly ("sejm konwokacyjny") in Warsaw, was the first European act granting religious freedoms. It was an important development in the history of Poland and Lithuania that extended religious tolerance to nobility and free persons within the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth and is considered the formal beginning of religious freedom in the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth. While it did not prevent all conflict based on religion, it did make the Commonwealth a much safer and more tolerant place than most of contemporaneous Europe, especially during the subsequent Thirty Years' War.

[Wikipedia: Naalaiya Theerpu] Naalaiya Theerpu ("Tomorrow's Verdict") is a Tamil action-drama film directed by S. A. Chandrasekhar and produced and written by his wife Shoba Chandrasekhar which marked the debut of their son Vijay in the lead role alongside Keerthana and Easwari Rao. The film which also featured Srividya, Radharavi and Sarath Babu, had music composed by newcomer Manimekalai, cinematography by R. P. Imayavaramban and editing by Gautham Raju. The film released to mixed reviews on 4 December 1992 and ended as a box office failure. It was later dubbed in Hindi as "Faisla Uparwale Ka".

[Wikipedia: Robert Lesser] Robert Lesser or Bobby Lesser (born October 22, 1942) is an American actor born in New York City and now living in Santa Barbara, California. His earliest work dates back to 1967 with "David Holzman's Diary", directed by Jim McBride. His latest movies include the Japanese film "Best Wishes for Tomorrow" and post-production "Painting in the Rain". Lesser has worked with Bruce Willis, Ed Harris, Alan Arkin, Arnold Schwarzenegger, Matthew Broderick, Dennis Quaid, Penelope Ann Miller, and Richard Mulligan. He is well known in the Santa Barbara theater community.

[Wikipedia: Forrest School (Chapel Hill, Tennessee)] Forrest School is a public school in Chapel Hill, Tennessee. It serves grades 7-12 and is part of the Marshall County School District. The school is also known as Forrest Middle School for grades 7-8 and Forrest High School for grades 9-12. It is named for Nathan Bedford Forrest, a Confederate general and first Grand Wizard of the Ku Klux Klan, who was born in Chapel Hill.

[Wikipedia: Popular (Darren Hayes song)] "Popular" (stylized Pop!ular) is the first single released from Australian singer-songwriter Darren Hayes' second solo album, "The Tension and the Spark". The lyrics are a tongue-in-cheek send-up of celebrities and wannabes. The song reached the top of the "Billboard" Hot Dance Club Play chart in March 2005. This was Hayes' first #1 on the US Dance chart, either as a solo artist or with his former group, Savage Garden. A radio edit was made which omits the instrumental section after the second chorus and also adds several new drumbeats to the second verse. A video was later released and it shows Darren Hayes (and two scantily clad models) visiting various landmarks in London. A flash mob dance also takes place in one of the stations in London.

[Wikipedia: Dorothée Jemma] Dorothée Jemma (born June 16, 1956) is a French voice actress specializing in dubbing. She is the dub voice of Jennifer Aniston, Melanie Griffith and Sheryl Lee.

[Wikipedia: Fabián Bielinsky] Fabián Bielinsky (3 February 1959 – 28 June 2006) was an Argentine film director born in Buenos Aires.

[Wikipedia: Egypt at the 2004 Summer Paralympics] Egypt competed at the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens, Greece. The team included 46 athletes, 36 men and 10 women. The Egyptian team included 46 sportspeople, 10 women and 36 men. This was 2 fewer women than the country had sent to Sydney for the 2000 Games. Three members of the delegation, including two athletes, participated in a study about dental health during the Games.

[Wikipedia: Trace Cyrus] Trace Dempsey Cyrus (born Neil Timothy Helson; February 24, 1989) is an American musician. The son of country singer Billy Ray Cyrus and brother of recording artist Miley Cyrus, he is the backing vocalist and bassist of the band Metro Station. He left the band in 2010 but returned in 2014. In 2010, he began providing vocals and guitar in the pop rock band Ashland HIGH. He also owns the clothing company From Backseats to Bedrooms.

[Wikipedia: Matilda of Anjou] Matilda of Anjou, also known as Mahaut (c. 1111 – 1154) was married in 1119 to William Adelin, son and heir of Henry I of England.

[Wikipedia: Spamalot] Monty Python's Spamalot is a musical comedy adapted from the 1975 film "Monty Python and the Holy Grail". Like the film, it is a highly irreverent parody of the Arthurian Legend, but it differs from the film in many ways. The original 2005 Broadway production, directed by Mike Nichols, won three Tony Awards, including the Tony Award for Best Musical, and received 14 Tony Award nominations. During its initial run of over 1,500 performances, it was seen by more than two million people and grossed over $175 million.

[Wikipedia: Don S. Davis] Don Sinclair Davis, PhD (August 4, 1942 – June 29, 2008) was an American character actor best-known for playing General Hammond in the television series "Stargate SG-1" (1997–2007), and earlier for playing Major Garland Briggs on the television series "Twin Peaks" (1990–1991). He was also a theater professor, painter, and United States Army captain.

[Wikipedia: Oscar Peterson Plays the Richard Rodgers Songbook] Oscar Peterson Plays the Richard Rodgers Songbook is a 1959 studio album by pianist Oscar Peterson of compositions written by Richard Rodgers.

[Wikipedia: Damage (Pharoahe Monch song)] "Damage" is a song by American hip hop artist Pharoahe Monch, released as the lead single from his fourth studio album, "P.T.S.D. (Post Traumatic Stress Disorder)". Prior to its release date, Pharoahe Monch's independent label, W.A.R. Media, published a visual trailer to YouTube on September 22, 2012. The song was officially made available for purchase worldwide on September 27, 2012, on the iTunes Music Store by W.A.R. Media in conjunction with Duck Down Music Inc.. The Lee Stone-produced song is the final piece to Pharoahe's "bullet" trilogy in which he anthropomorphizes a slug fired with the intent to annihilate, and tackles the issue of gun violence. The song and its provide a chilling reminder that bullets have no name.

[Wikipedia: Ncojane] Ncojane or Nojane is a town in the Kalahari desert of Ghanzi District, western Botswana. It is located 20 kilometres from the border with Namibia, and it has both primary and secondary schools and a clinic. The population was 1,439 in 2001 census.

[Wikipedia: 2011 BNP Paribas Primrose Bordeaux – Doubles] Nicolas Mahut and Édouard Roger-Vasselin were the defending champions; however, Roger-Vasselin chose not to compete this year.

[Wikipedia: Same-sex marriage in the United States] In the United States, same-sex marriage is legal in all states, Washington, D.C., as well as all U.S. territories except American Samoa, but not on all Native American tribal lands, since June 26, 2015, when the United States Supreme Court ruled in "Obergefell v. Hodges" that state-level bans on same-sex marriage are unconstitutional. The court ruled that the denial of marriage licenses to same-sex couples and the refusal to recognize those marriages performed in other jurisdictions violates the Due Process and the Equal Protection clauses of the Fourteenth Amendment of the United States Constitution. The ruling overturned a 1972 precedent, "Baker v. Nelson". Just prior to the Supreme Court's ruling in 2015, same-sex marriage was legal in many but not all U.S. jurisdictions.

[Wikipedia: Greatest Hits (Partridge Family album)] The Partridge Family's Greatest Hits album was issued by Arista in 1989. It was never released on vinyl, only on cassette and compact disc, and is the first Partridge Family album to ever be released on CD. It contains 16 songs, including the TV show's second theme song, "Come on Get Happy" which was never featured on a Partridge family album, and two songs by David Cassidy as a solo act: "Cherish" and "Could It Be Forever". It has liner notes by Danny Bonaduce and a Partridge Family trivia quiz. The cover has a picture of a period lunchbox with a cartoon picture of the family in red velvet suits.

[Wikipedia: Books of Albion] The Books of Albion, or Journals: The Collected Writings of Peter Doherty, is an anthology of the poetry and diary entries of English musician and poet Pete Doherty. He is also currently a member of the group Babyshambles but is most known for his time as front man of The Libertines. The book has writings from 1999 up until 2007 and was released on the 30 May 2007 by Orion Books.

[Wikipedia: Catherine Scorsese] Catherine Scorsese (née Cappa; April 16, 1912 – January 6, 1997) was an American actress, and the mother of director Martin Scorsese. Of Italian descent, she began acting when her son Martin Scorsese cast her in his film "It's Not Just You, Murray!". She frequently played the role of an Italian mother, and is perhaps most well known for her appearance in her son's film "Goodfellas". She acted in films other than her son's. She was married to Charles Scorsese. Her father, Martin Cappa, was a stage co-ordinator and her mother, Domenica, was a shop owner. She published a recipe book, "Italianamerican: The Scorsese Family Cookbook".

[Wikipedia: Laleh (album)] Laleh is the self-titled debut album by Swedish singer-songwriter Laleh, released on March 30, 2005 on Warner Music Sweden Records. The album, which was both written and produced by Laleh herself, was nominated to "Album of the Year" at the Grammis Awards for 2005 but lost to pop singer Robyn for her self-titled album ""Robyn"". The album was also a success on the Swedish Albums Chart where it peaked at number one and stayed on the list for 71 weeks. The album is sung in English, Swedish and Persian.

[Wikipedia: Whitney Houston] Whitney Elizabeth Houston (August 9, 1963 – February 11, 2012) was an American singer, actress, producer, and model. In 2009, "Guinness World Records" cited her as the most awarded female act of all-time. Houston is one of the best-selling music artists of all-time, with 200 million records sold worldwide. She released seven studio albums and two soundtrack albums, all of which have diamond, multi-platinum, platinum, or gold certification. Houston's crossover appeal on the popular music charts, as well as her prominence on MTV, starting with her video for "How Will I Know", influenced several African American women artists who follow in her footsteps.

[Wikipedia: Yomiuri International] The Yomiuri International Tournament was a golf event from 1962 to 1971. It was played at the Tokyo Yomiuri Country Club. The tournament served as the final event on the Asian Golf Circuit. The tournament was cancelled by the sponsor Yomiuri Shinbun newspaper because of political tensions. The Sobu Country Club offered a new tournament the Sobu International Open to replace the Yomiuri in the Asian schedule.

[Wikipedia: Jeffrey Tate] Sir Jeffrey Philip Tate {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (28 April 19432 June 2017) was an English conductor of classical music. After studying medicine at the University of Cambridge and beginning a medical career in London, he switched to music and worked under Georg Solti at the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden, before making his conducting debut in 1979 at the Metropolitan Opera, New York. He held conducting appointments with the English Chamber Orchestra, Rotterdam Philharmonic Orchestra and Hamburg Symphony Orchestra, among others, and was the first person to be appointed principal conductor of the Royal Opera House. Tate was born with spina bifida and had an associated spinal curvature. As a disabled gay musician, he regarded himself as an outsider in two ways. He was knighted for his services to music in 2017.

[Wikipedia: Saadi Love Story] Saadi Love Story is a Punjabi film starring Amrinder Gill, Diljit Dosanjh, Surveen Chawla and Neetu Singh. Jimmy Shergill is the co-producer and Dheeraj Rattan is the director as well as the screenplay writer. This is Dheeraj Rattan's debut movie as a director.

[Wikipedia: Quartan prime] In mathematics, a quartan prime is a prime number of the form "x" + "y", where "x" > 0, "y" > 0 (and "x" and "y" are integers). The odd quartan primes are of the form 16"n" + 1.

[Wikipedia: Pravda Pyat] Pravda Pyat (Russian: правда пять or "Truth Five") is a weekly Russian tabloid news publication that was a spin-off from "Pravda". It was founded by Greek entrepreneurs Christos Giannikos and Fyodoros Giannikos of Pravda International in 1996. The magazine replaced "Pravda" when that publication ceased operations. Its intended audience was younger readers, and coverage was more sensationalistic than "Pravda", focusing on crime and scandals.

[Wikipedia: The Design Inference] The Design Inference: Eliminating Chance through Small Probabilities is a 1998 book by American philosopher and mathematician William A. Dembski, a proponent of intelligent design, which sets out to establish approaches by which evidence of intelligent agency could be inferred in natural and social situations. In the book he distinguishes between 3 general modes of competing explanations in order of priority: regularity, chance, and design. The processes in which regularity, chance, and design are ruled out one by one until one remains as a reasonable and sufficient explanation for an event, are what he calls an "explanatory filter". It is a method that tries to eliminate competing explanations in a systematic fashion including when a highly improbable event conforms to a discernible pattern that is given independently of the event itself. This pattern is Dembski's concept of specified complexity. Throughout the book he uses diverse examples such as detectability of spontaneous generation and occurrence of natural phenomena and cases of deceit like ballot rigging, plagiarism, falsification of data, etc.

[Wikipedia: Dawn Engle] Dawn Engle is the co-founder and executive director of the non-profit organization, the PeaceJam Foundation. The PeaceJam program was launched in February 1996 by co-founders Dawn Engle and Ivan Suvanjieff to provide the Nobel Peace Prize Laureates with a programmatic vehicle to use in working together to teach youth the art of peace. To date, 14 Nobel Peace Laureates, including the Dalai Lama, Archbishop Desmond Tutu, Rigoberta Menchú Tum, President Oscar Arias, Adolfo Pérez Esquivel, Mairead Corrigan Maguire, Betty Williams, President José Ramos-Horta, Tawakkol Karman, Sir Joseph Rotblat (Emeritus), Leymah Gbowee, Jody Williams, Kailash Satyarthi, and Shirin Ebadi, serve as members of the PeaceJam Foundation. To date, over one million young people from 39 countries around the world have participated in the year long, award-winning PeaceJam curricular program. Engle and her husband Ivan Suvanjieff have been nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize fifteen times, and they were leading contenders for the 2015 Nobel Peace Prize. Engle is the co-director of multiple documentaries, including "PEACEJAM," and co-author of the book, "PeaceJam: A Billion Simple Acts of Peace" that was published by Penguin in 2008. She has also directed the award-winning documentary films, "Children of the Light," "", "Daughter of the Maya", and "Without A Shot Fired" which are the first four films in PeaceJam's Nobel Legacy Film Series.

[Wikipedia: Rickson Gracie] Rickson Gracie (] ; born November 21, 1958) is a Brazilian 9th degree red belt in Gracie Jiu-Jitsu and a retired mixed martial artist. He is a member of the Gracie family: the son of Hélio Gracie, brother to Rorion and Relson Gracie, and half-brother to Rolker, Royce, Robin and Royler Gracie. In November 2014 he became an inductee of the Legends of MMA Hall of Fame, alongside Big John McCarthy, Pat Miletich, and Fedor Emelianenko.

[Wikipedia: The Ned-Liest Catch] "The Ned-Liest Catch" is the twenty-second episode and season finale of the twenty-second season of "The Simpsons". It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on May 22, 2011. This is the second season finale to end on a cliffhanger, with the first being "Who Shot Mr. Burns?" from the sixth season. It is the third episode and the second one from season 22 (the other being "The Great Simpsina") to have no opening credits, blackboard or couch gag.

[Wikipedia: Pomeranian Wall] The Pomeranian Wall, Pomeranian Line or Pomeranian Position (German: "Die Pommernstellung" , Polish: "Wał Pomorski" ) was a line of fortifications constructed by Nazi Germany in the Pomeranian Lakeland region. It was constructed in two phases. In the years 1930-1935 it was constructed as a light defensive position in case of an attack from the Second Polish Republic against the German republic. The line of fortifications stretched from Landsberg an der Warthe (Gorzów Wielkopolski) to Baldenburg (Biały Bór) and Pollnow (Polanów). The fortifications had several impressive strong points, particularly near Deutsch-Krone (Wałcz) and the 'Hangman Mountain'. The second phase took place during the Second World War, in 1944, when after a series of defeats on the Eastern Front the Pomeranian Wall was renovated in order to stop the Red Army advance. Various battles along the Pomeranian Wall took place particularly from January to March 1945, for example, the Battle of Kolberg, with the Red Army and units of the Polish People's Army eventually breaking through the wall in various places.

[Wikipedia: College of Staten Island Baseball Complex] College of Staten Island Baseball Complex is a stadium in Staten Island, New York. It is primarily used for baseball and was the home of Staten Island Yankees before they moved to Richmond County Bank Ballpark in 2001. The ballpark had a capacity of 2,500 people and opened in 1999. It currently hosts the College of Staten Island Dolphins baseball team.

[Wikipedia: Falcon 9 first-stage landing tests] The Falcon 9 first-stage landing tests were a series of controlled-descent flight tests conducted by SpaceX between 2013 and 2016. Since 2017, the first stage is routinely landed if the rocket performance allows it. The program's objective was to reliably execute controlled re-entry, descent and landing (EDL) of the Falcon 9 first stage into Earth's atmosphere after the stage completes the boost phase of an orbital spaceflight. The first tests aimed to touch down vertically in the ocean at zero velocity. Later tests attempted to land the rocket precisely on an autonomous spaceport drone ship (a barge commissioned by SpaceX to provide a stable landing surface at sea) or at Landing Zone 1 (LZ-1), a concrete pad at Cape Canaveral. The first ground landing at LZ-1 succeeded in December 2015, and the first landing at sea on a drone ship in April 2016. The second landed booster, B1021, was the first to fly again in March 2017, and was recovered a second time.

[Wikipedia: Mrs. Puff] Mrs. Puff is a fictional character in the American animated television series "SpongeBob SquarePants" and both films based on the franchise. She is voiced by actress Mary Jo Catlett and debuted in the season one episode "Boating School" on August 7, 1999. Mrs. Puff was created and designed by marine biologist and animator Stephen Hillenburg. He developed the character in response to a request from Nickelodeon that the show star a schoolteacher. Hillenburg did not want to write SpongeBob as a school-age child, so Mrs. Puff was introduced as his driving instructor rather than a classroom educator.

[Wikipedia: Hechen] Hechen () is a town located in the east of Xinghua City in east-central Jiangsu province. The area has approximately 60,000 inhabitants spread over 16,200 households. The town is an old revolutionary base, and was the location of many well-known battles. The flat terrain, fertile soil, spaced water network, superior ecological environment and rich natural resources have made the town relatively prosperous.

[Wikipedia: Phil Stamp] Philip Lawrence Stamp (born 12 December 1975 in Middlesbrough) is an English former footballer, best known for his time with Middlesbrough and Hearts. He made his first-team league debut, aged 17 for Middlesbrough on 10 October 1993, in a 2–0 defeat to Watford. He started for Middlesbrough in the 1997 FA Cup Final defeat to Chelsea. In the build-up to the final, he featured in the club's cup final song, a cover of Let's Dance, a song by Chris Rea and Bob Mortimer that featured Stamp saying: "Phil Stamp, Berwick Hills, Boro, Yer Jokin' Arenyer?". After Middlesbrough he played for Hearts and Darlington, scoring a superb free kick for the latter against Shrewsbury Town. and including a match against Notts County where he played in goal for the second half.

[Wikipedia: Battle of Blood River] The Battle of Blood River (Afrikaans: "Slag van Bloedrivier" ; Zulu: "iMpi yaseNcome" ) is the name given for the battle fought between 470 Voortrekkers ("Pioneers"), led by Andries Pretorius, and an estimated 80,000 Zulu on the bank of the Ncome River on 16 December 1838, in what is today KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa. Casualties amounted to over 3,000 of king Dingane's soldiers dead, including two Zulu princes competing with Prince Mpande for the Zulu throne. Three Pioneers commando members were lightly wounded, including Pretorius himself.

[Wikipedia: Progress 3] Progress 3 was an unmanned Progress cargo spacecraft launched by the Soviet Union in 1978 to resupply the Salyut 6 space station. It used the Progress 7K-TG configuration, and was the third Progress mission to Salyut 6. It carried supplies for the EO-2 crew aboard Salyut 6, as well as equipment for conducting scientific research, and fuel for adjusting the station's orbit and performing manoeuvres.

[Wikipedia: Main-Franconian dialects] Main-Franconian (German: "Mainfränkisch" ) is group of Upper German dialects being part of the East Franconian group. The name is derived from the river Main which meets the river Rhine near Frankfurt after having crossed the former West Germany from East to West. The dialect is estimated by Ethnologue as 40% intelligible with Standard German.

[Wikipedia: 2015 America East Men's Lacrosse Tournament] The 2015 America East Men's Lacrosse Tournament was the 16th edition of the America East Conference Men's Lacrosse Tournament and took place from April 30 to May 2 that year at John Fallon Field in Albany, New York, United States. The winner of the tournament received the America East Conference's automatic bid to the 2015 NCAA Division I Men's Lacrosse Championship. Four teams from the America East conference will compete in the single elimination tournament. The seeds were based upon the teams regular season conference record.

[Wikipedia: Rachel Zoe] Rachel Zoe Rosenzweig (born September 1, 1971) better known as Rachel Zoe, is an American fashion designer, businesswoman, and writer. She is best known for working with celebrities, fashion houses, beauty firms, advertising agencies, and magazine editors. Zoe has been involved in the fashion industry for nearly two decades and has become a renowned stylist and designer . She is known for her extensive influence in the fashion world and for her A-list clients. In 2008, the first season of her Bravo reality television series "The Rachel Zoe Project" debuted.

[Wikipedia: Battle of Saipan] The Battle of Saipan was a battle of the Pacific campaign of World War II, fought on the island of Saipan in the Mariana Islands from 15 June to 9 July 1944. The Allied invasion fleet embarking the expeditionary forces left Pearl Harbor on 5 June 1944, the day before Operation Overlord in Europe was launched. The U.S. 2nd Marine Division, 4th Marine Division, and the Army's 27th Infantry Division, commanded by Lieutenant General Holland Smith, defeated the 43rd Infantry Division of the Imperial Japanese Army, commanded by Lieutenant General Yoshitsugu Saito.

[Wikipedia: King's Ransom (film)] King's Ransom is a 2005 comedy film, directed by Jeffrey W. Byrd and written by Wayne Conley, who was a writer for "Kenan & Kel". The film stars Anthony Anderson, Jay Mohr, Kellita Smith, Regina Hall, Donald Faison, Nicole Ari Parker, Charlie Murphy, Loretta Devine, Brooke D'Orsay, and Leila Arcieri. "King's Ransom" was released in the United States on April 22, 2005, and, on a production budget of $15 million, brought in $4,143,652 worldwide.

[Wikipedia: White Horse (Taylor Swift song)] "White Horse" is a song performed by American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift. The song was written by Swift and Liz Rose and produced by Nathan Chapman, with Swift's aid. The song was released on December 7, 2008 by Big Machine Records, as the second single from Swift's second studio album "Fearless" (2008). Swift and Rose composed the song about one of Swift's ex-boyfriends, when Swift discovered he was not what she had perceived of him. It focused on the moment where Swift accepted that the relationship was over. "White Horse" is, musically, a country song and uses sparse production to emphasize vocals. Lyrically, the track speaks of disillusionment and pain in a relationship, drawing references to fairytales.

[Wikipedia: Woodstock (film)] Woodstock is a 1970 documentary film of the watershed counterculture Woodstock Festival which took place in August 1969 near Bethel, New York. "Entertainment Weekly" called this film the benchmark of concert movies and one of the most entertaining documentaries ever made.

[Wikipedia: Nevada Legislature] The Nevada Legislature is the state legislature of the U.S. state of Nevada. The Legislature is a bicameral body, consisting of the lower house Nevada Assembly, with 42 members, and the upper house Nevada Senate, with 21 members. All 63 members of the Legislature are elected from an equal amount of constituent districts across the state. The Legislature is the third smallest bicameral state legislature in the United States (the Alaska Legislature is the smallest bicameral, with only 60 members and the Delaware General Assembly has 62 members).

[Wikipedia: The Red Baron in popular culture] Manfred von Richthofen, also known as the "Red Baron", was a fighter pilot with the German Air Force during World War I and one of the most famous aviators in history, as well as the subject of many books, films and other media. The following is a list of mentions of him in popular culture.

[Wikipedia: Cuban Democracy Act] The Cuban Democracy Act was a bill presented by U.S. Congressman Robert Torricelli and passed in 1992 which prohibited foreign-based subsidiaries of U.S. companies from trading with Cuba, travel to Cuba by U.S. citizens, and family remittances to Cuba. The act was passed as “A bill to promote a peaceful transition to democracy in Cuba through the application of sanctions directed at the Castro government and support for the Cuban people.” The act stated that “[t]he government of Fidel Castro has demonstrated consistent disregard for internationally accepted standards of human rights and for democratic values” adding “[t]here is no sign that the Castro regime is prepared to make any significant concessions to democracy or to undertake any form of democratic opening.” Congressman Torricelli stated that the act was intended to "wreak havoc on that island."

[Wikipedia: Blackmoor (supplement)] Blackmoor is a supplementary rulebook (product designation TSR 2004) of the original edition of the "Dungeons & Dragons" fantasy role-playing game written by Dave Arneson (with a foreword by Gary Gygax).

[Wikipedia: The Creature That Ate Sheboygan] The Creature That Ate Sheboygan is a science fiction board game released in 1979 by Simulations Publications (SPI). The game was originally designed by Greg Costikyan. It won the Charles S. Roberts Award for "Best Fantasy or Science Fiction Game of 1979". The game is very similar to the Epyx 1981 release, "Crush, Crumble and Chomp!".

[Wikipedia: Progression of Animals] Progression of Animals (or "On the Gait of Animals"; Greek: Περὶ πορείας ζῴων ; Latin: "De incessu animalium" ) is one of Aristotle's major texts on biology. It gives details of gait and movement in various kinds of animals.

[Wikipedia: Lincoln (album)] Lincoln is the second album by the band They Might Be Giants. It was released by Bar/None in 1988. The album is named after the capital city of Lincoln, Nebraska and John Linnell and John Flansburgh's boyhood home of Lincoln, Massachusetts. The album produced three singles — "Ana Ng", "They'll Need a Crane", and "Purple Toupee". It is included on "", a compilation of the band's early material, in its entirety.

[Wikipedia: Press to Play] Press to Play is the sixth post-Beatles studio album by the English musician Paul McCartney (outside of Wings' body of work), released in August 1986. It was McCartney's first album of entirely new music since "Pipes of Peace" in 1983, and his first solo album to be issued internationally by EMI following a six-year alliance with Columbia Records in the United States and Canada. Keen to re-establish himself after his poorly received 1984 musical film "Give My Regards to Broad Street", McCartney enlisted producer Hugh Padgham to give the album a contemporary sound.

[Wikipedia: History of the Central African Republic] The history of the Central African Republic is roughly composed of four distinct periods. The earliest period of settlement began around 10,000 years ago when nomadic people first began to settle, farm and fish in the region. The next period began around 1,000 to 3,000 years ago when several non-indigenous groups began to migrate into the region from other parts of the continent. The third period involved the colonial conquest and rule of the country by France and Germany which spanned from the late 1800s until 1960 when the Central African Republic became an independent state. The final period has been the era during which the Central African Republic has been an independent state.

[Wikipedia: Donald Duck] Donald Duck is a cartoon character created in 1934 at Walt Disney Productions. Donald is an anthropomorphic white duck with a yellow-orange bill, legs, and feet. He typically wears a sailor shirt and cap with a bow tie. Donald is most famous for his semi-intelligible speech and his mischievous and temperamental personality. Along with his friend Mickey Mouse, Donald is one of the most popular Disney characters and was included in TV Guide's list of the 50 greatest cartoon characters of all time in 2002. He has appeared in more films than any other Disney character, and is the most published comic book character in the world outside of the superhero genre.

[Wikipedia: Nick Jordan (character)] Nick Jordan is a fictional character from the BBC medical dramas "Casualty" and "Holby City", portrayed by actor Michael French. Jordan first appeared in two episodes of "Casualty" in 1998, before becoming a main character in spin-off show "Holby City" from its 1999 conception, in the role of Cardiothoracic Surgical Registrar. He departed from the show in its second series, returning for a 2005 Christmas crossover special between the two series, styled "Casualty@Holby City". He returned again to "Holby City" in 2006, taking on the role of General Surgical Consultant, departing a few months later in order to pursue a transfer back to cardiothoracics. In 2008, he rejoined the cast of "Casualty", becoming Clinical Lead of the show's Emergency Department. French left his role as Nick Jordan in February 2013, four weeks after his return.

[Wikipedia: Teun In der Maur] Teun In der Maur is a Dutch competitive sailor who sails with the Optimist Club of the Netherlands. He is of Swiss descent, and is a member of the In der Maur family. In May 2016, In der Maur was awarded the Robert van Notten Memorial trophy for best Dutch sailor in the Optimist class by Gaby van Notten at the Dutch Youth Regatta.

[Wikipedia: Masjid Al-Ansar] Masjid Al-Ansar, or Al-Ansar Mosque, is a mosque in Singapore that was among the first few to be built under Phase One of the Mosque Building Fund Programme. It was completed in 1981 and is located in the Bedok North area, at the junction of Chai Chee Street and Bedok North Avenue 1. The mosque originally could accommodate up to 3,500 people at any one time. Apart from daily and Friday prayers, the mosque offers madrasah classes during weekdays and weekends. It is also one of the few mosques that organizes religious classes in Tamil, and is one of only two mosques in Singapore with a full-time welfare officer.

[Wikipedia: List of ships named SMS Emden] SMS "Emden" may refer to one of the following ships of the German Kaiserliche Marine that were named after the town of Emden on the Ems River:

[Wikipedia: Érik Morales vs. Marco Antonio Barrera III] Érik Morales vs Marco Antonio Barrera III, billed as Once and For All, was a professional boxing match between the three-division world champion Marco Antonio Barrera and reigning WBC Super Featherweight world champion Erik Morales. It took place on November 27, 2004, at the MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas, Nevada. Barrera won the contest by majority decision, with two judges scoring it 115-113 and 115-114 for Barrera and the other 114-114. The fight was named the 2004 Ring Magazine Fight of the Year.

[Wikipedia: Home Office under Theresa May] The Home Office under Theresa May refers to the period during which British Prime Minister Theresa May served as Home Secretary. As a member of David Cameron's first government May was appointed as Home Secretary on 12 May 2010, shortly after Cameron became prime minister, and continued in the post as part of the second Cameron ministry following the 2015 general election. She held the post until she succeeded Cameron as prime minister on 13 July 2016.

[Wikipedia: Mike Vaught] Mike Vaught (born c. 1961) is an athletic administrator at Grand Canyon University in Phoenix, Arizona, being named to the position on October 15, 2014. He has previously served as deputy athletic director at Southern Methodist University and assistant athletic director at Rice University. Aside from athletic administration, Vaught has been an assistant football coach at University of Arkansas, Missouri State University, Texas State University and the United States Naval Academy. Prior to accepting the position at Grand Canyon, Vaught was the director of corporate sponsorship at AdvoCare.

[Wikipedia: Myles Brand] Myles Neil Brand (May 17, 1942 – September 16, 2009) was the 14th president of the University of Oregon, 16th president of Indiana University, and 4th president of the United States' National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA).

[Wikipedia: Thomas H. Ince] Thomas Harper Ince (November 16, 1880 – November 19, 1924) was an American silent film producer, director, screenwriter, and actor.

[Wikipedia: Two Weeks Notice] Two Weeks Notice is a 2002 Australian-American romantic comedy film starring Hugh Grant and Sandra Bullock. The film was written and directed by Marc Lawrence, who had previously scripted two other box-office hits for Bullock, "Miss Congeniality" and "Forces of Nature". Although critical response was mixed, the film received a successful box office run, both in the United States and globally.

[Wikipedia: Battle of Anglesey Sound] The Battle of Anglesey Sound was fought in June or July 1098 on the Menai Strait ("Anglesey Sound"), separating the island of Anglesey from mainland Wales. The battle was fought between Magnus Barefoot, King of Norway, and the Anglo-Norman earls Hugh of Montgomery and Hugh d'Avranches, and took place as part of Magnus Barefoot's expedition into the Irish Sea, which sought to assert Norwegian rule over the Kingdom of the Isles.

[Wikipedia: English general election, 1690] The English general election, 1690 occurred after the dissolution of the Convention Parliament summoned in the aftermath of the Glorious Revolution, and saw the partisan feuds in that parliament continue in the constituencies. The Tories made significant gains against their opponents, particularly in the contested counties and boroughs, as the electorate saw the Whigs increasingly as a source of instability and a threat to the Church of England.

[Wikipedia: Fade into You] "Fade into You" is a song by rock group Mazzy Star from their album "So Tonight That I Might See". The song was written by lyricist Hope Sandoval and composer David Roback, who also served as producer. It reached number three on the Billboard Modern Rock chart in 1994, and is Mazzy Star's only single to make the "Billboard" Hot 100, peaking at number 44. The song also charted at number 48 on the UK Singles Chart.

[Wikipedia: Maryland Campaign] The Maryland Campaign—or Antietam Campaign—occurred September 4–20, 1862, during the American Civil War. Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee's first invasion of the North was repulsed by the Army of the Potomac under Maj. Gen. George B. McClellan, who moved to intercept Lee and his Army of Northern Virginia and eventually attacked it near Sharpsburg, Maryland. The resulting Battle of Antietam was the bloodiest single-day battle in American history and is widely considered one of the major turning points of the war.

[Wikipedia: Women Who Run With the Wolves] "Women Who Run With the Wolves: Myths and Stories of the Wild Woman Archetype" is a book by Jungian analyst, author and poet Clarissa Pinkola Estés, Ph.D, published in 1992 by Ballantine Books. It spent 145 weeks on The New York Times Best Seller list over a three-year span, a record at the time. . Estés won a Las Primeras Award from the Mexican American Women's Foundation for being the First Latina on the "New York Times" Best Seller list. The book also appeared on other best seller lists, including "USA Today", "Publishers Weekly", and "Library Journal".

[Wikipedia: Livin' la Vida Loca Tour] The Livin' La Vida Loca World Tour was the first major world concert tour by Puerto Rican singer Ricky Martin to support his first English-language album "Ricky Martin". The tour started in October 1999 and continued until October 2000.

[Wikipedia: Truce (song)] "Truce" is a song written and performed by Jars of Clay. It is the fifth and final radio single from the band's second studio album, "Much Afraid". In addition, it was the fifth straight single from "Much Afraid" to reach number one on the Christian radio airplay charts. No promotional single was shipped to radio stations for airplay. Instead, radio stations played the track directly from the album.

[Wikipedia: Lewis's] Lewis's was a chain of British department stores that operated from 1856 to 2010. The parent companies of Lewis's have gone into administration many times over the years, including 1991. The first store, which opened in Liverpool city centre, became the flagship of the chain of stores operating under the Lewis's name. Several stores in the chain were bought in 1991 by the company Owen Owen and continued to operate under the Lewis's brand name for several years, but after the closure of the Manchester store in 2002, only the original Liverpool store continued to trade under the Lewis's name. This store was sold in 2007 to the Vergo Retail Ltd and closed in 2010.

[Wikipedia: Sproing Award] The Sproing Award is awarded by Norsk Tegneserieforum (NTF), an organisation to promote interest and understanding for comics in Norway. Since 1987, the award has been presented for the "Best Norwegian Strips", a comic strip or comic book by a Norwegian, and "Best Translated Strips", an international comic strip/comic book translated into Norwegian. Since 2003, there has also been awarded a Sproing for "Best Comics Debut".

[Wikipedia: Tianjin Tuanbo Football Stadium] Tianjin Tuanbo Football Stadium is a professional football stadium in Tianjin, China. It hosts the home matches of Tianjin Quanjian F.C. of the China League One. The stadium holds 22,320 spectators and opened in 2012.

[Wikipedia: Eusebio Ayala, Paraguay] Eusebio Ayala is a district of the Cordillera Department, Paraguay. It is named after Eusebio Ayala, a former President of Paraguay. It is located approximately 72 km of the city of Asuncion, capital of the Republic of Paraguay.

[Wikipedia: List of UAB Blazers head football coaches] The UAB Blazers college football team represents the University of Alabama at Birmingham (UAB) in the East Division of Conference USA (C-USA). The program began in the 1991 season and spent two years as a National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division III independent before transferring to Division II. After just three years in Division II, the school entered Division I-A, now known as the Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS). During this twenty-four year period, the Blazers had five head coaches. In January 2014, Bill Clark was hired to coach the program. However, following the end of Clark's first season, in which he led the team to its second-ever bowl-eligible record, UAB President Ray L. Watts announced the cancellation of the football program, due to financial strains. After media condemnation of the decision and millions of dollars in fundraising, on June 1, 2015, Watts announced the school would reinstate football as early as the 2016 season. Clark remains head coach through the 2016 season, despite the cancellation.

[Wikipedia: Luna Sea] Luna Sea (stylized as LUNA SEA) is a Japanese rock band formed in Kanagawa Prefecture in 1986. Due to the use of make-up and costumes early in their career and their widespread popularity, they are considered one of the most successful and influential bands in the visual kei movement. Throughout the mid-1990s they used significantly less make-up, and after a one-year break in 1998, came back with a more mainstream alternative rock style and toned down their on-stage attire. When they disbanded in 2000, they left a big mark on the Japanese rock scene. In 2003, HMV Japan ranked Luna Sea at number 90 on their list of the 100 most important Japanese pop acts.

[Wikipedia: Elizabeth City Regional Airport] Elizabeth City Regional Airport (IATA: ECG, ICAO: KECG, FAA LID: ECG) is a joint civil-military public and military use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) southeast of the central business district of Elizabeth City, in Pasquotank County, North Carolina, United States. The airport, on the shore of the Pasquotank River, is also known as Elizabeth City-Pasquotank County Regional Airport or ECG Regional Airport. It is included in the National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2011–2015, which categorized it as a "general aviation" facility.

[Wikipedia: National Route A004 (Argentina)] National Route A004 is a four-lane highway connecting National Route 1 (Buenos Aires-La Plata highway) at km marker 31 with the Juan María Gutiérrez circle in Greater Buenos Aires. The road extends for 8 km (numbered kn 31 to 30), all within the limits of Berazategui Partido in Buenos Aires Province, Argentina.

[Wikipedia: Rozzlyn Rangers] Rozzlyn Rangers was the name taken by the 5 original members of the Dischord House in Arlington, Virginia (fairly near Rosslyn, Virginia) in October 1981: Ian MacKaye, Jeff Nelson, Rich Moore, Eddie Janney, and Sab Grey. Dischord House housed Dischord Records (founded a year earlier by The Teen Idles, shortly thereafter to be run by Ian MacKaye and Jeff Nelson). Despite its terribly low ceiling, many DC punk bands practiced in its basement over the years: Minor Threat, Skewbald, Iron Cross, The Faith, Second Wind, Rites of Spring, Embrace, Three, Fugazi, Beefeater, Fidelity Jones, Happy Go Licky, Kingface, One Last Wish, The Evens.

[Wikipedia: Italian nationality law] Italian nationality law is the law of Italy governing the acquisition, transmission and loss of Italian citizenship. Like many continental European countries it is largely based on "jus sanguinis". It also incorporates many elements that are seen as favourable to the Italian diaspora. The Italian Parliament's 1992 update of Italian nationality law is Law no. 91, and came into force on 15 August 1992. Presidential decrees and ministerial directives, including several issued by the Ministry of the Interior, instruct the civil service how to apply Italy's citizenship-related laws.

[Wikipedia: Robert Suettinger] Robert Suettinger was United States President Bill Clinton's national intelligence officer for East Asia at the National Intelligence Council (NIC) from 1997-1998. While there, Suettinger oversaw the preparation of national intelligence estimates for the director of the Central Intelligence Agency. His areas of specialty included the People's Republic of China and the North Korean nuclear weapons program. After working in the Clinton administration, Suettinger has been a senior analyst for the Brookings Institution where he wrote the book "Beyond Tiananmen – The Politics of U.S.-China Relations, 1989-2000". He also is a senior advisor at The Stimson Center.

[Wikipedia: Out of My League] "Out of My League" is a song recorded by American band Fitz and The Tantrums and produced by Tony Hoffer. The song is the lead single from the band's second studio album, "More Than Just a Dream". "Out of My League" was released as a single on February 7, 2013. The song became the group's first number one hit on the Alternative Songs chart, as well as making history for completing the slowest climb to the summit of the chart, at 33 weeks.

[Wikipedia: Ridge, Hertfordshire] Ridge is a village and civil parish in the Hertsmere borough of Hertfordshire, situated between Potters Bar and Shenley. At the 2011 Census the village was a civil parish in its own name. The population of the parish was 177. It has a church, St Margaret's; a children's playground; and the Old Guinea public house, which serves food on most days. The village holds an annual fete on the August bank holiday. Ridge is surrounded by countryside with numerous public footpaths. In 1926, the parish boundary between Ridge, Hertfordshire, and South Mimms, Middlesex, was subject to a minor adjustment.

[Wikipedia: She's a Machine!] She's a Machine! is the third studio album by Swedish electronic band Alice in Videoland, released in Sweden on 20 April 2008 by National Records. German pressings of the album include a bonus disc titled "A Different Perspective", which contains reworked versions of the songs on the original disc. The North American CD release includes a cover of the Guano Apes song "Open Your Eyes", as well as a single edit of "We Are Rebels" in which Maja Ivarsson's guest vocals have been removed and are instead sung by Toril Lindqvist.

[Wikipedia: Wendy Phillips] Wendy Phillips (born January 2, 1952) is an American actress, noted for playing David Selby's character's last wife, Lauren Daniels, during the final season of "Falcon Crest" and for playing Gerald McRaney's wife, Claire Greene, on both "Touched by an Angel" and "Promised Land". Other television series in which she has been a featured player have included "A Year in the Life", "Homefront" and "Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip". Among her movie works, there is a role in "" and also on "Bugsy".

[Wikipedia: Alicia Silverstone] Alicia Silverstone ( ; born October 4, 1976) is an American actress. She made her film debut in "The Crush" (1993), earning the 1994 MTV Movie Award for Best Breakthrough Performance, and gained further prominence as a teen idol when she appeared at the age of 16 in the music video for Aerosmith's "Cryin'". She starred in the comedy hit "Clueless" (1995), which earned her a multimillion-dollar deal with Columbia Pictures, and in the big-budget film "Batman & Robin" (1997), playing Batgirl. She has continued to act in film and television and on stage. For her role in the short-lived drama comedy "Miss Match" (2003), Silverstone received a Golden Globe Award nomination for Best Actress – Television Series Musical or Comedy. A vegan, Silverstone has endorsed PETA activities and has published two nutrition books.

[Wikipedia: The Muppet Christmas Carol] The Muppet Christmas Carol is a 1992 American-British musical fantasy comedy-drama film and an adaptation of Charles Dickens's 1843 novel "A Christmas Carol". It is the fourth in a series of live-action musical films featuring The Muppets, with Michael Caine starring as Ebenezer Scrooge. Although it is a comedic film with contemporary songs, "The Muppet Christmas Carol" otherwise follows Dickens's original story closely. The film was produced and directed by Brian Henson for Jim Henson Productions and released by Walt Disney Pictures.

[Wikipedia: Dustin Lynch (album)] Dustin Lynch is the debut studio album by American country music artist Dustin Lynch. It was released on August 21, 2012 by Broken Bow Records. Lynch wrote or co-wrote ten of the album's thirteen tracks, including the first single, "Cowboys and Angels". The album's second single, "She Cranks My Tractor", was released to country radio on November 19, 2012. The album has sold 100,000 copies as of December 2012. The album's third single, "Wild in Your Smile", was released to country radio on May 27, 2013.

[Wikipedia: François Sagat] François Sagat (born 5 June 1979) is a French male gay pornographic film actor, model and director who has also appeared in mainstream media. He is best known for his rugged looks and scalp tattoo. He has appeared at times as a fashion model and starting 2009, he appeared in cinematic roles in films for the general public including "Saw VI" (2009) and lead roles in "L.A. Zombie" (2010) and "Man at Bath" (2010). In 2011, he started directing and producing with the "François Sagat's Incubus" adult film series. That same year, Sagat was highlighted in the cinema series "François Sagat: The New Leading Man" presented at the Museum of Arts and Design in New York City. In addition to screening his pornographic and non-pornographic roles, the series included a master class by Sagat on his approach to performance. In 2013, he launched his fashion line KICKSAGAT and announced his retirement from porn.

[Wikipedia: Brooklyn Decker] Brooklyn Danielle Decker Roddick (born April 12, 1987) is an American fashion model and actress best known for her appearances in the "Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue", including the cover of the 2010 issue. In addition to working for Victoria's Secret for the 2010 "Swim" collection, she has ventured into television with guest appearances on "Chuck", "Ugly Betty", "The League", and "Royal Pains". She made her feature film debut in "Just Go with It", and later starred in "Battleship" and "What to Expect When You're Expecting". Decker is married to former tennis player Andy Roddick.

[Wikipedia: Jacksonville Skyway] The Jacksonville Skyway is a people mover in Jacksonville, Florida, United States. It is an automated monorail train operated by the Jacksonville Transportation Authority (JTA). Opening in 1989 with three stations in Downtown Jacksonville, the Skyway was extended in 1996 following a conversion from its original technology to Bombardier Transportation equipment. It was expanded again in 1998 and 2000. The system currently comprises two routes across 2.5 mi of track, serving eight stations, and crosses the St. Johns River on the Acosta Bridge. There is currently no fare to ride the Skyway, which had 1.2 million passengers in 2014.

[Wikipedia: 2011 Harvard Crimson football team] The 2011 Harvard Crimson football team represented Harvard University in the 2011 NCAA Division I FCS football season. The Crimson were led by 18th year head coach Tim Murphy and played their home games at Harvard Stadium. They are a member of the Ivy League. They finished the season 9–1, 7–0 in Ivy League play to claim the conference championship.

[Wikipedia: Nazareth] Nazareth ( ; Hebrew: נָצְרַת‎ , "Natzrat"; Arabic: النَّاصِرَة‎ ‎ , "an-Nāṣira"; Aramaic: ܢܨܪܬ‎ ‎ , "Naṣrath") is the capital and the largest city in the Northern District of Israel. Nazareth is known as "the Arab capital of Israel". In 2016 its population was 75,922 . The inhabitants are predominantly Arab citizens of Israel, of whom 69% are Muslim and 30.9% Christian. Nazareth Illit (lit. "Upper Nazareth") is built alongside old Nazareth, and had a Jewish population of 40,312 in 2014. The Jewish sector was declared a separate city in June 1974.

[Wikipedia: Symphony Center] Symphony Center is a music complex located at 220 South Michigan Avenue in the Loop area of Chicago, Illinois. Home to the Chicago Symphony Orchestra; Chicago Symphony Chorus; Civic Orchestra of Chicago; and the Institute for Learning, Access, and Training; Symphony Center includes the 2,522-seat Orchestra Hall, which dates from 1904; Buntrock Hall, a rehearsal and performance space; Grainger Ballroom, an event space overlooking Michigan Avenue and the Art Institute of Chicago; a public multi-story rotunda; tesori restaurant; and administrative offices. In June 1993, plans to significantly renovate and expand Orchestra Hall were approved and the $110 million project resulting in Symphony Center began in 1995 and was completed in 1997.

[Wikipedia: It's a Small World] It's a Small World (currently styled it's a small world) is a water-based dark ride located in the Fantasyland area at the various Walt Disney Parks and Resorts worldwide; these include: Disneyland Park in Anaheim, California, the Magic Kingdom at Walt Disney World Resort in Lake Buena Vista, Florida, Tokyo Disneyland, Disneyland Paris, and Hong Kong Disneyland. The ride features over 300 audio-animatronic children in traditional costumes from cultures around the world, frolicking in a spirit of international unity, and singing the attraction's title song, which has a theme of global peace.

[Wikipedia: Ovamir Anjum] Ovamir Anjum is the Imam Khattab Chair of Islamic Studies at the Department of Philosophy, University of Toledo. He studies the connections between theology, ethics, politics, and law in classical and medieval Islam, with a subfocus on its comparisons with western thought. Related fields of study include Islamic philosophy and Sufism.

[Wikipedia: Ohio State Route 111] State Route 111 (SR 111) is a 31.49 mi state route that runs between the Indiana state line and Defiance in the US state of Ohio. Most of the route is a rural two-lane highway and passes through both farmland and residential properties. For some of its path, SR 111 runs generally parallel to the north of the Auglaize River.

[Wikipedia: Andraé Crouch] Andraé Edward Crouch (July 1, 1942 – January 8, 2015) was an American gospel singer, songwriter, arranger, record producer and pastor. Referred to as "the father of modern gospel music" by contemporary Christian and gospel music professionals, Crouch was known for his compositions "The Blood Will Never Lose Its Power", "My Tribute (To God Be the Glory)" and "Soon and Very Soon". In secular music, he was known for his collaborative work during the 1980s and 1990s with Stevie Wonder, Elton John and Quincy Jones as well as conducting choirs that sang on the Michael Jackson hit "Man in the Mirror" and Madonna's "Like a Prayer". Crouch was noted for his talent of incorporating contemporary secular music styles into the gospel music he grew up with. His efforts in this area helped pave the way for early American contemporary Christian music during the 1960s and 1970s.

[Wikipedia: Levon Helm &amp; the RCO All-Stars] Levon Helm and the RCO All-Stars is a 1977 album by the short-lived musical group of the same name. It was Levon Helm's first studio album independent of the Band.

[Wikipedia: Otto Mann] Otto Mann is a fictional character on the animated TV series "The Simpsons", voiced by Harry Shearer. He is the school bus driver for Springfield Elementary School.

[Wikipedia: Seven Days Confederate order of battle] The following Confederate States Army units and commanders fought in the Seven Days Battles (from June 25 to July 1, 1862) of the American Civil War. Order of battle compiled from the army organization during the battle, the casualty returns and the reports. The Union order of battle is listed separately.

[Wikipedia: SCCA National Sports Car Championship] The SCCA National Sports Car Championship was a sports car racing series organized by the Sports Car Club of America from 1951 until 1964. It was the first post-World War II sports car series organized in the United States. An amateur championship, it was eventually replaced by the professional United States Road Racing Championship and the amateur American Road Race of Champions.

[Wikipedia: Carrizozo, New Mexico] Carrizozo is a town in Lincoln County, New Mexico and is the county seat with a population of 996 at the 2010 census. Founded in 1899, the town provided the main railroad access for Lincoln County, and the town experienced significant population growth in the early decades of the 1900s. However, with declining relevance of the railroad, the population of the town has gradually declined. The town is located at the intersection of U.S. Route 54 and U.S. Route 380.

[Wikipedia: Bobby Mehta] Siddharth N. "Bobby" Mehta was former CEO and vice chairman of HSBC North America. Mehta served as an Advisor of TransUnion since December 31, 2012. Mehta serves as consultant of TransUnion. He served the chief executive officer and president of TransUnion from August 2007 to December 31, 2012, and Transunion Financing Corp. until December 31, 2012. From May 2007 to July 2007, he served as a consultant to the board of directors at TransUnion. He served as the chief executive officer and president of TransUnion until December 31, 2012. He served as the chief executive officer of TransUnion LLC. He served as chairman of the board and chief executive officer of HSBC Finance Corporation from April 2005 to February 2007. He served as chief executive officer and president of TransUnion LLC from 2007 to 2012. From 1998 to 2007, he held a variety of positions with HSBC Finance Corporation and HSBC North America Holdings, Inc. Mehta served as chief executive officer of HSBC North America until February 2007. Mehta served as consultant of TransUnion since May 2007 until July 2007. Mehta served as group managing director of HSBC Holdings PLC of HSBC Finance Corp. since April 30, 2005, and its unit chief executive officer since March 2005. He served as the chief executive of HS BC North America Holdings Inc., of HSBC Finance Corp., from March 2005 to February 15, 2007. He served as an executive chairman of HSBC Financial Corporation Limited since April 2005 and served as its chief executive officer from April 2005 to February 15, 2007. He served as the chief executive officer of HSBC Bank USA, N.A. until February 2007. He served as the chief executive officer of HSBC North America Holdings Inc. since March 2005. He served as chairman and chief executive officer of HSBC Financial Corp., Ltd. He oversaw HSBC's global credit card services, its North American consumer lending and mortgage services businesses and its first mortgage operation. He was also responsible for corporate marketing, strategic planning and corporate development for HSBC North America Holdings Inc. and had responsibility for the strategic management of credit cards throughout the HSBC Group. Mehta served as group executive of Credit Card Services, Auto Finance and Canada of Household International Inc., since July 2002. He worked at MasterCard’s U.S. region board since March 2000. Mehta joined Household International Inc., in 1998. He served as senior vice president of The Boston Consulting Group in Los Angeles and co-leader of Boston Consulting Group Financial Services Practice in the United States. Mehta served as a director of Global Board of MasterCard Incorporated since March 17, 2005. He served as unit chairman of HSBC Holdings PLC and served as its board member since March 2005. He served as vice chairman and director of HSBC Financial Corporation Limited., (Formerly Household International Inc.). He has been a director of Avant Credit Corporation since December 18, 2014. He has been an independent director of The Allstate Corporation since February 19, 2014. He serves as a member of the advisory board at Core2 Group, Inc. He has been non-executive independent director at Piramal Enterprises Ltd since April 1, 2013. He serves on the boards of Datacard, Chicago Public Education Fund, University of Chicago Laboratory Schools, The Economic Club of Chicago, The Field Museum and Myelin Repair Foundation. He serves as a director of TransUnion Corp. and TransUnion LLC. He served as a director of MasterCard International Inc. (also known as MasterCard Worldwide) (formerly, MasterCard Inc.), since March 17, 2005. He served as a director of HSBC Financial Corp. Ltd. He has been a director of TransUnion since April 2012. Mehta serves on the board of international advisors for the Monterey, California, Institute of International Studies and is a member of the Financial Services Roundtable. He also serves on the board of advisors for the Myelin Repair Foundation. Mehta holds a Bachelor of Arts in economics from the London School of Economics and Masters of Business Administration from the University of Chicago. He stepped down as head of the North American unit after the lender raised its forecast for bad loans in the U.S. He is of Indian descent.

[Wikipedia: AaB Fodbold] AaB Fodbold, also referred to as Aalborg BK or AaB, is a professional football team of Danish sports conglomerate Aalborg Boldspilklub, located in Aalborg. They play in the Danish Superliga and have won four Danish Superliga championships and three Danish Cup trophies.

[Wikipedia: Emmy (film)] Emmy is a 1934 Hungarian comedy film directed by Steve Sekely and starring Gábor Rajnay, Irén Ágay and Ella Gombaszögi. It is based on a novel by Viktor Rákosi.

[Wikipedia: Psychotria] Psychotria is a genus of flowering plants in the Rubiaceae family. It contains around 1,850 species and is therefore one of the largest genera of flowering plants. The genus has a pantropical distribution and members of the genus are small understorey trees in tropical forests. Some species are endangered or facing extinction due to deforestation, especially species of central Africa and the Pacific.

[Wikipedia: Duke University] Duke University is a private research university located in Durham, North Carolina. Founded by Methodists and Quakers in the present-day town of Trinity in 1838, the school moved to Durham in 1892. In 1924, tobacco and electric power industrialist James Buchanan Duke established The Duke Endowment, at which time the institution changed its name to honor his deceased father, Washington Duke.

[Wikipedia: Alice Wetterlund] Alice Wetterlund (born May 16, 1981) is an American stand-up comedian and film and television actress. She played the role of Carla Walton on the HBO sitcom "Silicon Valley".

[Wikipedia: Strategic Investment Group] Strategic Investment Group (also known as Strategic Investment Partners, Inc. or SIP) is an American investment manager with approximately US$ 37 billion of assets under management. The company is credited for pioneering the fund of funds investment strategy. SIP was founded in 1987 by six executives from the pension investment group of the World Bank.

[Wikipedia: Bevo (mascot)] Bevo is the mascot of the athletic programs at the University of Texas at Austin. Bevo is a Texas longhorn steer with burnt orange coloring. The shape of the Longhorn's head and horns gives rise to the school's hand symbol and saying: "Hook 'em Horns". The most recent Bevo, Bevo XV, was introduced to Texas football fans on September 4, 2016. His predecessor, Bevo XIV, died of cancer on October 16, 2015. Bevo XV is owned by Betty and John Baker's Sunrise Ranch in Liberty Hill, Texas; Sunrise Ranch also owned Bevo XV's predecessors Bevo XIII and Bevo XIV.

[Wikipedia: Louis Gompertz] Martin Louis Alan Gompertz (February 23, 1886 – September 29, 1951) was an Anglo-Indian soldier and writer, born in India, also known by the pseudonym of 'Ganpat', which was the nearest his Indian troops could get to pronouncing 'Gompertz'. Ganpat is another name for the elephant god Ganesh. He started his writing career with articles for 'Blackwood's Magazine' on his service in East Africa during World War 1. He wrote many adventure stories in the style of H. Rider Haggard, though most of Ganpat's stories are set in the Himalayas. He was an Anglo Indian soldier, and his stories reflect his military and frontier background. He retired in 1939 with the rank of Brigadier, ending his days in the town of Chagford, on the edge of Dartmoor, where he could pursue his passion for fishing.

[Wikipedia: Out of the Black (song)] "Out of the Black" is a song written by Mike Kerr and Ben Thatcher of British rock duo Royal Blood. The song was originally recorded by the duo for release as a single, appearing on the band's debut single of the same name, released by Black Mammoth Records on 11 November 2013. The track later appeared as the opening track on the band's debut extended play "Out of the Black", and as the opening track on the band's eponymous debut studio album, "Royal Blood". The track was also part of the soundtrack to the film "Who Am I – No System Is Safe", as well as the video games "Forza Horizon 2" and "EA Sports UFC". It was also used in a featurette for the Netflix series "Daredevil" at the 2015 New York Comic Con. The song was also the official theme song for the 2016 professional wrestling event "WWE Roadblock". This song has also been covered by Billie Marten.

[Wikipedia: People's Party (Spain, 1976)] People's Party (Spanish: "Partido Popular" ; PP) was a Spanish liberal conservative political party, founded in 1976. The leaders of the PP were Pío Cabanillas Gallas and José María de Areilza.

[Wikipedia: 2015–16 Colorado Buffaloes men's basketball team] The 2015–16 Colorado Buffaloes men's basketball team represented the University of Colorado in the 2015–16 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. This was Tad Boyle's sixth season as head coach at Colorado. The Buffaloes played their home games at Coors Events Center in Boulder, Colorado and were members of the Pac-12 Conference. They finished the season 22–12, 10–8 in Pac-12 play to finish in fifth place. The defeated Washington State in the first round of the Pac-12 Tournament to advance to the quarterfinals where they lost to Arizona. They received an at-large bid to the NCAA Tournament where they lost in the first round to Connecticut.

[Wikipedia: Horrible Bosses] Horrible Bosses is a 2011 American black comedy film directed by Seth Gordon, written by Michael Markowitz, John Francis Daley and Jonathan Goldstein, based on a story by Markowitz. It stars Jason Bateman, Charlie Day, Jason Sudeikis, Jennifer Aniston, Colin Farrell, Kevin Spacey and Jamie Foxx. The plot follows three friends, played by Bateman, Day and Sudeikis, who decide to murder their respective overbearing, abusive bosses, portrayed by Spacey, Aniston and Farrell.

[Wikipedia: William Bradford (Plymouth Colony governor)] William Bradford ( 19 March 1590May 9, 1657) was an English Separatist originally from the West Riding of Yorkshire. He moved to Leiden in Holland in order to escape persecution from King James I of England, and then emigrated to the Plymouth Colony on the "Mayflower" in 1620. He was a signatory to the Mayflower Compact and went on to serve as Governor of the Plymouth Colony intermittently for about 30 years between 1621 and 1657. His journal "Of Plymouth Plantation" covered the years from 1620 to 1657 in Plymouth.

[Wikipedia: Doug Ford Jr.] Douglas Bruce Ford Jr. (born November 20, 1964) is a Canadian businessman and politician in Toronto, Ontario. Ford was Toronto City Councillor for Ward 2 Etobicoke North in Toronto from 2010 to 2014 at the same time that his brother, Rob Ford (1969–2016), was mayor of Toronto. Their father, Doug Ford Sr., was a Member of Provincial Parliament from 1995 to 1999 and founded Deco Labels and Tags, a printing business operating in Canada and the United States. The business is now owned by Doug Ford Jr., who has served as company president since 2002, and his brother, Randy.

[Wikipedia: The Perfect Murder (film)] The Perfect Murder is a 1988 English language Indian film directed by Zafar Hai and produced by Merchant-Ivory. The film is based on the 1964 novel "The Perfect Murder" by British crime fiction writer HRF Keating and stars Naseeruddin Shah as Inspector Ghote, the leading character in Keating's novels. Swedish actor Stellan Skarsgård as well as many noted Indian actors such as Madhur Jaffrey, Amjad Khan, Dalip Tahil, Ratna Pathak, Annu Kapoor and Johnny Walker also appear in the film.

[Wikipedia: Robert Brooke-Popham] Air Chief Marshal Sir Henry Robert Moore Brooke-Popham, {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (18 September 1878 – 20 October 1953) was a senior commander in the Royal Air Force. During the First World War he served in the Royal Flying Corps as a wing commander and senior staff officer. Remaining in the new Royal Air Force (RAF) after the war, Brooke-Popham was the first commandant of its Staff College at Andover and later held high command in the Middle East. He was Governor of Kenya in the late 1930s. Most notably, Brooke-Popham was Commander-in-Chief of the British Far East Command only months before Singapore fell to Japanese troops.

[Wikipedia: First Vienna FC] First Vienna FC is an Austrian association football club based in the Döbling district of Vienna. Established on 22 August 1894, it is the country's oldest team and has played a notable role in the history of the game there. It is familiarly known to Austrians by the English name "Vienna".

[Wikipedia: Perry Fewell] Perry Fewell (born September 7, 1962) is the American football defensive backs coach for the Jacksonville Jaguars. He last served as the defensive backs coach for the Washington Redskins of the National Football League (NFL). Before that he served as the interim head coach and defensive coordinator of the NFL's Buffalo Bills. He was named interim head coach after serving as the team's defensive coordinator from 2006 to 2009 under head coach Dick Jauron. Most recently, Fewell was the defensive coordinator of the New York Giants.

[Wikipedia: History of the New York State College of Forestry] The New York State College of Forestry, the first professional school of forestry in North America, opened its doors at Cornell University, in Ithaca, New York, in the autumn of 1898. After just a few years of operation, it was defunded in 1903, by Governor Benjamin B. Odell, in response to public outcry over the College's controversial forestry practices in the Adirondacks. Less than a decade later, in 1911, the New York State College of Forestry was reestablished at Syracuse University by the New York State Legislature, with a mandate for forest conservation. The institution has continued to evolve and is now part of the State University of New York (SUNY) system, while still closely related and immediately adjacent to Syracuse University. Today, the State University of New York College of Environmental Science and Forestry, or SUNY-ESF, is a doctoral degree-granting institution based in Syracuse, New York, with facilities and forest properties in several additional locations in upstate New York and Costa Rica; it commemorated its centennial anniversary in 2011.

[Wikipedia: How Green Was My Valley (TV drama serial)] How Green Was My Valley is a BBC Television serial based on the novel by Richard Llewellyn, and features one of the last performances by Stanley Baker. It was first shown in the UK from 29 December 1975 in six weekly parts, while producer Martin Lisemore also cast Siân Phillips in his next production, "I Claudius" (1976).

[Wikipedia: Fun Taiwan] Fun Taiwan is a long-running Taiwanese travel program hosted by Taiwanese-American Janet Hsieh and airing on Discovery's TLC Asia. It began production in 2005, and is currently in its 16th season. Past guests have included host Armando Reed of TLC's "Armando's Asian Twist", Singapore-based television personality George Young, American-based television personality JJ Yosh, and Taiwan-based Turkish television personality Rifat Karlova.

[Wikipedia: Tamiami Canal] The Tamiami Canal or C-4 Canal, is a canal located in southern Florida in the United States. It flows in a west to east direction from the western part of the state in the Everglades past the Miami International Airport to a salinity control center near the Miami River. It averages 8 ft in depth and is over 100 ft wide in some areas.

[Wikipedia: Framing Armageddon: Something Wicked Part 1] Framing Armageddon: Something Wicked Part 1 is the eighth studio album from Iced Earth, released on September 11, 2007. It is part one of two concept albums based on a trilogy of songs from Iced Earth's fifth studio album, "Something Wicked This Way Comes". The saga, aptly titled the Something Wicked Saga, tells the fictional history of mankind, from its creation to its destruction. It is the second and final album with vocalist Tim "Ripper" Owens.

[Wikipedia: Maheen Zia] Maheen Zia is a Pakistani film director and film editor.

[Wikipedia: Number (sports)] In team sports, the number, often referred to as the uniform number, squad number, jersey number, shirt number, sweater number, or similar (with such naming differences varying by sport and region) is the number worn on a player's uniform, to identify and distinguish each player (and sometimes others, such as coaches and officials) from others wearing the same or similar uniforms. The number is typically displayed on the rear of the jersey, often accompanied by the surname. Sometimes it is also displayed on the front and/or sleeves, or on the player's shorts or headgear. It is used to identify the player to officials, other players, official scorers, and spectators; in some sports, it is also indicative of the player's position.

[Wikipedia: Pablo Escobar] Pablo Emilio Escobar Gaviria (] ; 1 December 19492 December 1993) was a Colombian drug lord and narcoterrorist. His cartel supplied an estimated 80% of the cocaine smuggled into the United States at the height of his career, turning over US $21.9 billion a year in personal income. He was often called "The King of Cocaine" and was the wealthiest criminal in history, with an estimated known net worth of US $30 billion by the early 1990s (equivalent to about $ billion as of 2016 ), making him one of the richest men in the world in his prime.

[Wikipedia: Liquidambar styraciflua] American sweetgum ("Liquidambar styraciflua"), also known as American storax, hazel pine, bilsted, redgum, satin-walnut, star-leaved gum, alligatorwood, or simply sweetgum, is a deciduous tree in the genus "Liquidambar" native to warm temperate areas of eastern North America and tropical montane regions of Mexico and Central America. Sweet gum is one of the main valuable forest trees in the southeastern United States, and is a popular ornamental tree in temperate climates. It is recognizable by the combination of its five-pointed star-shaped leaves and its hard, spiked fruits. It is currently classified in the plant family Altingiaceae, but was formerly considered a member of the Hamamelidaceae.

[Wikipedia: Southwest Florida International Airport] Southwest Florida International Airport (IATA: RSW, ICAO: KRSW, FAA LID: RSW) is a county-owned airport in the South Fort Myers region of unincorporated Lee County, Florida. The airport's market is Southwest Florida: Bonita Springs, Cape Coral, Captiva Island, Estero, Fort Myers, Marco Island, Naples and Sanibel Island. In 2015 passengers numbered 8,371,801. The airport is the second busiest single-runway airport in the United States after San Diego International Airport. It is a U.S. Customs and Border Protection port of entry.

[Wikipedia: Ryō Horikawa] Ryō Horikawa (堀川 りょう , Horikawa Ryō ) is a Japanese actor and voice actor. He is married to fellow Japanese voice actress Hitomi Oikawa since 1988, whose birth name is also Horikawa (堀川 ) . His former stage name is also Ryo Horikawa, which uses the kanji of his given name, though pronounced "Ryo". He is best known for his role as Vegeta from the Dragon Ball series, Heiji Hattori from Detective Conan and Andromeda Shun from Saint Seiya.

[Wikipedia: List of dirt track ovals in the United Kingdom] Dirt track racing is a type of auto racing performed on oval tracks throughout the United Kingdom. If the number of tracks is any indication of popularity, dirt track racing is the most popular auto racing sport in Britain, as dirt ovals outnumber all other types of tracks combined. Tracks are also used for the motorcycle sport of Speedway and other motorcycle track racing events.

[Wikipedia: Talking Heads: 77] Talking Heads: 77 is the debut album by the American rock band Talking Heads, released in September 1977. The single "Psycho Killer" reached No. 92 on the Billboard Hot 100 Chart. In 2003, the album was ranked No. 290 on "Rolling Stone" magazine's The 500 Greatest Albums of All Time list.

[Wikipedia: PPG Paints Arena] PPG Paints Arena is a multi-purpose indoor arena in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania that serves as home to the Pittsburgh Penguins of the National Hockey League (NHL), and was the home of the Pittsburgh Power of the Arena Football League (AFL) from 2011 to 2014.

[Wikipedia: Rare Earth (book)] Rare Earth: Why Complex Life Is Uncommon in the Universe is a 2000 popular science book about xenobiology by Peter Ward, a geologist and paleontologist, and Donald E. Brownlee, an astronomer and astrobiologist, both faculty members at the University of Washington. The book is the origin of the term 'Rare Earth Hypothesis' which, like the book, asserts the concept that complex life is rare in the universe. The book was eventually succeeded by a follow-up book called "The Life and Death of Planet Earth", also by Ward and Brownlee, which talks about the Earth's long term future and eventual demise under a warming and expanding Sun, showing readers the concept that planets like Earth have finite lifespans, and complex life is not just rare in space, but also rare in time, and is more likely to die out within a short time on geological timescales, while microbes dominate most of the planet's history.

[Wikipedia: Beauty micrometer] The beauty micrometer, also known as the beauty calibrator, was a device designed in the early 1930s to help in the identification of the areas of a person's face which need to have their appearance reduced or enhanced by make-up. The inventors include famed beautician Max Factor Sr. A 2013 "Wired" article described the device as "a "Clockwork Orange" style device" that combines "phrenology, cosmetics and a withering pseudo-scientific analysis". A photograph of Factor, using the device on actress Marjorie Reynolds featured in a 1935 article in science magazine "Modern Mechanix" and, when republished by "The Guardian" in 2013, the caption described it as being "a contraption that looks like an instrument of torture".

[Wikipedia: I'm Not Alone (EP)] I'm Not Alone is an EP by American rock band Patent Pending released in 2010. It spawned two music videos for the song "One Less Heart To Break", which is an anti-suicide rock song, and for "Dance 'Til We Die", a song that has been described by lead singer, Joe Ragosta, as Being about "...zombies eating peoples brains". Both of those songs were later re-used as bonus tracks on the band's next album "Second Family

[Wikipedia: Piscataquis River] The Piscataquis River is a major tributary of the Penobscot River, found in Piscataquis County, Maine, United States. It starts from the confluence of its East Branch and West Branch ( ) in Blanchard. The river flows in a mostly eastern direction until it meets the Penobscot at Howland. It is approximately 65 mi in length.

[Wikipedia: Jake and the Fatman] Jake and the Fatman is a television crime drama starring William Conrad as prosecutor J. L. (Jason Lochinvar) "Fatman" McCabe and Joe Penny as investigator Jake Styles.

[Wikipedia: Edwin (musician)] Edwin (born Edwin Ghazal) is a Canadian alternative rock singer from Toronto. He is the lead vocalist for successful Canadian rock band I Mother Earth and a solo artist. He is also the lead singer for the Canadian supergroup Crash Karma. In 2016, he reunited with I Mother Earth for a series of shows and a tour commemorating the 20th anniversary of their biggest commercial release, Scenery And Fish.

[Wikipedia: Rakı] Rakı is an unsweetened, occasionally (depending on area of production) anise-flavored, alcoholic drink that is popular in Albania, Turkey, Greece (where it is distinctly different and comes as an unflavoured distillate, unlike its Turkish counterpart), Iran, Turkic countries, and in the Balkan countries as an apéritif. It is often served with seafood or meze. It is similar to several other alcoholic beverages available around the Mediterranean and the Middle East, e.g. pastis, ouzo, sambuca, arak, Aragh Sagi and aguardiente. In Turkey and Greece, it is considered a national drink.

[Wikipedia: Dale Singson] Ramon "Dale" Singson (born December 2, 1975) is a Filipino former professional basketball player. He last played for the Powerade Tigers in the Philippine Basketball Association. He plays the Point Guard and Shooting Guard positions. He was directly hired by the Shell Turbo Chargers from the MBA in 2000. He was known as a scorer who can play both guard positions.

[Wikipedia: 1977 Florida Federal Open] The 1977 Florida Federal Open was a women's singles tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts in Palm Harbor, Florida in the United States. The event was part of the A category of the 1977 Colgate Series. It was the fifth edition of the tournament and was held from September 26 through October 2, 1977. Unseeded Virginia Ruzici won the title and earned $6,000 first-prize money.

[Wikipedia: History of Chinese Americans in San Francisco] As of 2012, 21.4% of the population in San Francisco was of Chinese descent, and at least 150,000 Chinese American residents. The Chinese are the largest Asian American subgroup in San Francisco. San Francisco has the highest percentage of residents of Chinese descent of any major U.S. city, and the second largest Chinese American population, after New York City. The San Francisco Bay Area is 7.9% Chinese American, with many residents in Oakland and Santa Clara County. San Francisco's Chinese community has ancestry mainly from Guangdong province, China and Hong Kong, although there is a sizable population of ethnic Chinese with ancestry from other parts of mainland China and Taiwan as well.

[Wikipedia: Digimon] Digimon (デジモン "Dejimon", branded as Digimon: Digital Monsters, stylized as DIGIMON), short for "Digital Monsters" (デジタルモンスター "Dejitaru Monsutā"), is a Japanese media franchise encompassing virtual pet toys, anime, manga, video games, films and a trading card game. The franchise focuses on Digimon creatures, which are monsters living in a "Digital World", a parallel universe that originated from Earth's various communication networks. In many incarnations, Digimon are raised by humans called "Digidestined" or "Tamers" ("Chosen Children" in the Japanese version), and they team up to defeat evil Digimon and human villains who are trying to destroy the fabric of the Digital world.

[Wikipedia: Belong (play)] Belong is a contemporary play by British playwright Bola Agbaje. Following the life of a failed British politician who unexpectedly finds opportunity in his remote hometown village in Nigeria, "Belong" explores the impact of Western culture and the meaning of home and family. Originally coproduced by the Royal Court Theatre and the Tiata Fahodzi Company, "Belong" opened to critical acclaim, receiving praise for its ability to "tackle big issues" and "switch deftly between Britain and Nigeria."

[Wikipedia: Melt! (Siouxsie and the Banshees song)] "Melt!" is a song by English post-punk band Siouxsie and the Banshees. It was released in 1982 by record label Polydor as a double A-sided single with the song "Il est né, le divin Enfant" and is the second and final single from the band's fifth studio album, "A Kiss in the Dreamhouse" ("Il est né, le divin Enfant" does not appear on that album).

[Wikipedia: Paulscherrerite] Paulscherrerite, UO(OH), is a newly named mineral of the schoepite subgroup of hexavalent uranium hydrate/hydroxides. It is monoclinic, but no space group has been determined because no single-crystal study has been done. Paulscherrerite occurs as a canary yellow microcrystalline powdery product with a length of ~500 nm. It forms by the weathering and ultimate pseudomorphism of uranium-lead bearing minerals such as metaschoepite. The type locality for paulscherrerite is the Number 2 Workings, Radium Ridge near Mount Painter, North Flinders Ranges, South Australia, an area where radiogenic heat has driven hydrothermal activity for millions of years. It is named for Swiss physicist Paul Scherrer, co-inventor of the Debye-Scherrer X-ray powder diffraction camera. Study of paulscherrerite and related minerals is important for understanding the mobility of uranium around mining sites, as well as designing successful strategies for the storage of nuclear weapons and the containment of nuclear waste.

[Wikipedia: Ridin' on a Rainbow] Ridin' on a Rainbow is a 1941 American Western musical film directed by Lew Landers and starring Gene Autry, Smiley Burnette, and Mary Lee. Based on a story by Bradford Ropes, the film is about a singing cowboy whose investigation of a bank robbery takes him to a showboat, where he finds that a teenage singer's father has been working with the robbers to provide for her future. The film received an Academy Award nomination for best original song for "Be Honest with Me" (Gene Autry, Fred Rose).

[Wikipedia: U22 (album)] U22: A 22 Track Live Collection from U2360° is a live album released by the Irish rock band U2 in May 2012 only available to u2.com subscribers. The 22 tracks were voted for by subscribers to U2.com.

[Wikipedia: Pure Michigan] Pure Michigan began as an advertising campaign launched in 2008 by the state of Michigan, featuring the voice of actor and comedian Tim Allen. The Pure Michigan campaign, which aims to market the state of Michigan as a travel and tourism destination, received state and international attention beginning in 2008 when Michigan Governor Jennifer Granholm approved $45 million in additional funding for the Pure Michigan campaign from the 21st Century Jobs Trust Fund. The unprecedented tourism fund amount for the state allowed the Pure Michigan campaign to be broadcast on a national level beginning in March 2009. Annual funding for fiscal 2014 was $29 million.

[Wikipedia: Good Times (All Time Low song)] "Good Times" is a song recorded by American rock band All Time Low for their seventh studio album, "Last Young Renegade" (2017). Lead singer Alex Gaskarth co-wrote the song with its producers, Andrew Goldstein and Dan Book. The song was first released to digital retailers on May 31, 2017 as the fourth and final promotional track before the album's release. "Good Times" was serviced to American adult radio on June 26, 2017 through Fueled by Ramen as the second official single from "Last Young Renegade".

[Wikipedia: Prom Queen (Glee)] "Prom Queen" is the twentieth episode of the second season of the American musical television series "Glee", and the forty-second overall. It aired May 10, 2011 on Fox in the United States. The episode was written by series creator Ian Brennan, directed by Eric Stoltz, and featured the return of guest star Jonathan Groff. In "Prom Queen", the McKinley High School glee club New Directions is tapped to provide the music for the school's junior prom. The episode shows the myriad dramas surrounding a high school prom, with the high-stakes race for prom king and queen that involves five members of the glee club, students scrambling to find dates and outfits, and the delights and disappointments of the prom itself.

[Wikipedia: The Lost Vikings] The Lost Vikings is a puzzle-platform video game developed by Silicon & Synapse (now Blizzard Entertainment) and published by Interplay. It was originally released for the Super NES in 1992, then subsequently released for the Amiga, Amiga CD32, MS-DOS, and Mega Drive/Genesis systems the next year; the Mega Drive/Genesis version contains five stages not present in any other version of the game. Blizzard re-released the game for the Game Boy Advance in 2003. In 2014, the game was added to Battle.net as a free download emulated through DOSBox.

[Wikipedia: Harold Ford Jr.] Harold Eugene Ford Jr. (born May 11, 1970) is an American politician and author who served five terms in the United States House of Representatives as a member of the Democratic Party from  's 9 congressional district , centered in Memphis, from 1997 to 2007. He is the son of former Congressman Harold Ford Sr., who held the same seat for 22 years. In 2006, Ford made an unsuccessful bid for the US Senate seat vacated by retiring Bill Frist. He is a member of the Ford political family from Memphis. Ford was the last chairman of the Democratic Leadership Council (DLC).

[Wikipedia: Hawaiian Airlines] Hawaiian Airlines (Hawaiian: "" ) is the largest airline in Hawaii. It is the 8th largest commercial airline in the US, and is based in Honolulu, Hawaii. The airline operates its main hub at Honolulu International Airport and a secondary hub out of Kahului Airport on the island of Maui. Hawaiian Airlines operates flights to Asia, Hawaii, New Zealand, Australia and the United States Mainland. Hawaiian Airlines is owned by Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. of which Mark Dunkerley is the current President and Chief Executive Officer.

[Wikipedia: Henri Christophe] Henri Christophe (] ; 6 October 1767 – 8 October 1820; used the anglicized version of Henry Christopher) was a former slave of Bambara ethnicity, and perhaps of Ibo descent, and key leader in the Haitian Revolution, which succeeded in gaining independence from France in 1804. In 1805 he took part under Jean-Jacques Dessalines in the capturing of Santo Domingo (now Dominican Republic), against French forces who acquired the colony from Spain in the Treaty of Basel.

[Wikipedia: Said Fazal Akbar] Said Fazal Akbar was the first Governor of Kunar province in Afghanistan after the fall of the Taliban in 2001. He was an ex-Mujahideen who was running a clothing store in Oakland, California when he was appointed Governor by President Hamid Karzai. His governorship is chronicled in the book by his son, Hyder Akbar, "Come Back to Afghanistan, A California Teenager's Story"

[Wikipedia: Gujarat Legislative Assembly election, 2012] The 2012 Gujarat legislative assembly elections were held in the Indian state of Gujarat in December 2012 for all 182 members of the Gujarat Legislative Assembly. Incumbent Chief Minister Narendra Modi of Bharatiya Janta Party (BJP), in power since 2002, was running for his fourth term. The leader of the opposition was Shaktisinh Gohil of the Indian National Congress (INC).

[Wikipedia: Henry P. Haney] Henry P. Haney (November 25, 1846 - November 19, 1923) was an American Last survivor of The Great Locomotive Chase during the American Civil War. He was a 15-year-old fireman on the "Texas", the locomotive used by the "General's" crew to pursue the "General" on the second half of the chase after it was stolen by the Andrews Raiders.

[Wikipedia: Ezer Weizman] Ezer Weizman    (Hebrew: עזר ויצמן‎ ‎ "Ezer Vaytsman"; 15 June 1924 – 24 April 2005) was the seventh President of Israel, first elected in 1993 and re-elected in 1998. Before the presidency, Weizman was commander of the Israeli Air Force and Minister of Defense.

[Wikipedia: 2015 World Series] The 2015 World Series was the 111th edition of Major League Baseball's championship series, a best-of-seven playoff between the National League (NL) champion New York Mets and the American League (AL) champion Kansas City Royals. The series was played between October 27 and November 1, with the Royals winning the series 4 games to 1. It was the first time since the 2010 World Series that the World Series extended into November. The Royals became the first team since the Oakland Athletics in the 1989 World Series to win the World Series after losing in the previous year. It was also the first World Series since the 2007 World Series to not feature the Philadelphia Phillies, St. Louis Cardinals, or San Francisco Giants as the NL champions.

[Wikipedia: B. J. Garbe] Brandon James Garbe (born February 3, 1981 in Moses Lake, Washington) is an American former minor league baseball player. In 1999, Garbe won the Gatorade High School Baseball Player of the Year Award.

[Wikipedia: Black Bastards] Black Bastards (or Bl_ck B_st_rds) is the second and final studio album by KMD (a rap trio featuring an early alias of MF DOOM), completed in 1993 and eventually released in 2001 through ReadyRock. Initially, the album was scheduled for release in 1993, but Elektra Records canceled the album, reportedly due to the controversial cover art, which shows a Sambo figure being lynched, and its black nationalist, Five-Percenter lyrics. However, the album displayed no obvious Five-Percenter rhetoric, yet the project was racially candid, as demonstrated by the album title, its cover art, and the sample collage intro. Zev Love X's brother DJ Subroc was killed when he was struck by a car shortly before the album was completed.

[Wikipedia: Variety (1983 film)] Variety is a 1983 American independent film directed by Bette Gordon, co-written by Kathy Acker, and starring Sandy McLeod, Will Patton, and Richard M. Davidson. The film follows a young woman who takes a job at a New York City pornographic theater and becomes increasingly obsessed with a wealthy patron who may or may not be involved with the mafia.

[Wikipedia: First Church of Christ, Scientist (Seattle)] First Church of Christ, Scientist Building is an historic Christian Science church located at 1519 East Denny Way / 1841 16th Avenue on the corner of East Denny Way and 16th Avenue in the Capitol Hill neighborhood of Seattle, Washington. Designed in the Classical Revival style, it was built of Bedford limestone between 1906 and 1909. Established in August 1896, First Church first held services in various rented buildings or halls until building its first church building on the corner of 6th Avenue and Marion Street. This was completed in time for its first service on Easter Sunday, April 7, 1901. This was soon outgrown and in November 1906 a contract was signed to purchase the Denny Way property. In August 1908, services began in a temporary wooden structure that was built on the completed foundation of the new church. On January 17, 1977 the building was declared a City of Seattle historic landmark. In 2006 the congregation made the decision to move to the South Lake Union neighborhood to be in a more active urban location. The building on East Denny Way was sold to a developer who has since converted it into townhouse project called The Sanctuary. First Church of Christ, Scientist, Seattle, now holds services at 900 Thomas Street and is still an active branch of the Christian Science Mother Church.

[Wikipedia: Rosyth railway station] Rosyth railway station serves the town of Rosyth in Fife, Scotland. The station is managed by Abellio ScotRail and lies on the Fife Circle Line, 23.6 km north of Edinburgh Waverley . It was opened in 1917 by the North British Railway (as "Rosyth Halt") to serve the nearby naval dockyard.

[Wikipedia: California Birth Index] The California Birth Index (CABI) is a database compiled by the California Office of Health Information and Research. The index contains birth records of all registered births in California between 1905 and 1995. Each record is an abstract of a person's birth certificate, including date of birth, full name, county of birth, gender, and mother's maiden name. People who have been adopted are sometimes listed by their birth name, sometimes listed by their adopted name, sometimes by both and sometimes not listed at all. The CABI is considered a valuable genealogy tool but is also criticized for privacy issues. California began statewide civil registration of births on July 1, 1905. Earlier birth records may exist in the county where the birth took place or at the church where a baptism took place.

[Wikipedia: Goshen, New Hampshire] Goshen is a town in Sullivan County, New Hampshire, United States. The population was 810 at the 2010 census.

[Wikipedia: Labyrinth 2] Labyrinth 2 is a game developed by Illusion Labs for the iPod touch, iPhone, Android, and Labyrinth 2 HD for the iPad. Labyrinth 2 utilizes the iPhone's tilt recognition as with most other labyrinth games for the iPhone at the time. However, Labyrinth 2 adds many new elements to its gameplay, such as bumpers, cannons, slingshots, duplicators and many more. Players of the original Labyrinth could play five Labyrinth 2 style levels, even in the free lite edition.

[Wikipedia: Kane (Command &amp; Conquer)] Kane is a fictional character in the alternate history universe of Westwood Studios' and Electronic Arts' "Command & Conquer" real-time strategy video games in which he is a seemingly immortal mastermind behind the ancient and secretive Brotherhood of Nod society. Little is truly known about Kane; many of his followers draw a direct connection between him and the Abrahamic figure of Cain, which he does not go out of his way to confirm or deny. Considered a charismatic and brilliant sociopath by the outside world, Kane is seen by his followers as a holy figure and a messiah.

[Wikipedia: Acadian orogeny] The Acadian orogeny is a long-lasting mountain building event which began in the Middle Devonian, reaching a climax in the early Late Devonian. It was active for approximately 50 million years, beginning roughly around 375 million years ago, with deformational, plutonic, and metamorphic events extending into the Early Mississippian. The Acadian orogeny is the third of the four orogenies that created the Appalachian orogen and subsequent basin. The preceding orogenies consisted of the Potomac and Taconic orogeny, which followed a rift/drift stage in the Late Neoproterozoic. The Acadian orogeny involved the collision of a series of Avalonian continental fragments with the Laurasian continent. Geographically, the Acadian orogen extended from the Canadian Maritime provinces migrating in a southwesterly direction toward Alabama. However, the Northern Appalachian region, from New England northeastward into Gaspé region of Canada, was the most greatly affected region by the collision.

[Wikipedia: Evelyn Adiru] Evelyn Adiru (born 25 May 1964) is a former Ugandan middle-distance runner who specialised in 800 metres, and 1500 metres events. She won gold medal in 800 metres at the 1982 African Championships in Athletics in Cairo. She also competed for Uganda in the 1984 Summer Olympics in the same event, but did not progress to the finals.

[Wikipedia: Cinnamon (song)] "Cinnamon" is a song by American rock band Stone Temple Pilots. "Cinnamon" is the sixth track off the band's sixth studio album, "Stone Temple Pilots", released in 2010. The song was the album's third single, after "Take a Load Off". Two music videos were filmed for "Cinnamon," however neither one was officially released but can be viewed on YouTube. This was also the band's final single with Scott Weiland before he was fired and subsequently replaced with Linkin Park lead vocalist Chester Bennington.

[Wikipedia: Chouteau County, Montana] Chouteau County is a county located in the North-Central region of the U.S. state of Montana. As of the 2010 census, the population was 5,813. Its county seat is Fort Benton. The county was established in 1865 as one of the original nine counties of Montana, and named in 1882 after Pierre Chouteau, Jr., a fur trader who established a trading post that became Fort Benton, which was once an important port on the Missouri River.

[Wikipedia: Scopula rubiginata] Scopula rubiginata, the tawny wave, is a moth of the family Geometridae. It is found from the Iberian Peninsula up to the Ural. In the North its range extends to Denmark and Southern Sweden and Finland. It is not present in most of the southern part of the Iberian Peninsula (with the exception of Gibraltar), Sicily and the southern Greek islands. In Morocco it is found in the Atlas mountains. Furthermore, it is also present in North Turkey, the Caucasus and the Crimea. Eastwards, its range stretches through southern Siberia, the northern central Asian mountains up to Mongolia.

[Wikipedia: Paresh Mokashi] Paresh Mokashi (born 6 February 1969) is an Indian filmmaker, producer, actor and Theatre director-producer; working predominantly in Marathi cinema and Marathi theatre. He started working as a backstage worker for theatre and did few minor roles for plays as well as films. Mokashi made his directorial debut for theatre with the Marathi play, "Sangeet Debuchya Mulee" in 1999. He continued to work for theatre and made his directorial debut for cinema with the 2009 Marathi feature film, "Harishchandrachi Factory". The film depicts the making of India's first full-length feature film, "Raja Harishchandra" (1913), made by Dadasaheb Phalke. The film was acclaimed critically and won several awards. It was also selected as India's official entry to 82nd Academy Awards in the Best Foreign Language Film category.

[Wikipedia: Dog anatomy] Dog anatomy comprises the anatomical studies of the visible parts of the body of a canine. Details of structures vary tremendously from breed to breed, more than in any other animal species, wild or domesticated, as dogs are highly variable in height and weight. The smallest known adult dog was a Yorkshire Terrier that stood only 6.3 cm at the shoulder, 9.5 cm in length along the head and body, and weighed only 113 g . The largest known adult dog was an English Mastiff which weighed 155.6 kg and was 250 cm from the snout to the tail. The tallest known adult dog is a Great Dane that stands 106.7 cm at the shoulder.

[Wikipedia: Brian Basset] Brian Basset is an American comic strip artist ("Red and Rover"). Previously, he worked as an editorial cartoonist for the Seattle Times from 1978 to 1994, as well as being the creator and artist behind the syndicated comic strip "Adam", later changed to "Adam@home" (1984-2009).

[Wikipedia: Kashmir leopard] The Kashmir leopard ("Panthera pardus fusca") was described by Reginald Innes Pocock in 1930 on the basis of a single skin and skull from Kashmir that differed from typical "P. p. fusca" skins by longer hair and more greyish colour. Therefore, Pocock proposed it as a leopard subspecies under the trinomen "Panthera pardus millardi".

[Wikipedia: David Burns (radio presenter)] David Burns (born 26 April 1959 in Glasgow, Scotland) is a British radio presenter working for the BBC. He is best known for his sports commentary, analysis and discussion on BBC Radio Humberside.

[Wikipedia: Owney (dog)] Owney (ca. 1887 – June 11, 1897), was a stray Border terrier adopted as the first unofficial postal mascot by the Albany, New York, post office about 1888. The Albany mail professionals recommended the dog to their Railway Mail Service colleagues, and he became a nationwide mascot for 9 years (1888–97). He traveled throughout the 48 contiguous United States and voyaged around the world traveling over 140,000 miles in his lifetime as a mascot of the Railway Post Office and the United States Postal Service. He is best known for being the subject of commemorative activities, including a 2011 U.S. postage stamp.

[Wikipedia: Krrish (franchise)] Krrish is a franchise of Indian science fiction films, superhero films, television series, comics and video games. The film series is directed, produced and written by Rakesh Roshan. It is considered Indian cinema's first such film series. All three films starred Rakesh's son Hrithik Roshan, and were scored by his brother Rajesh Roshan. The films are centred, initially, on a mentally handicapped boy who has an encounter with an extraterrestrial being, and later, his son, who grows up to be a reluctant superhero. The first two films were blockbusters in the Indian market, and hits in the overseas markets. The third film was released on 1 November 2013 and was declared a blockbuster shattering many box office records grossing over () at the box office. In 2013, an animated television series based on this "Krrish" film series, and named "Kid Krrish", aired on Cartoon Network India. It also spawned a spin-off animation-cum-live-action series titled "J Bole Toh Jadoo" that aired on Nickelodeon (India). "Krrish 3" was the first Indian film to launch its own official Facebook Emoticons as part of the promotion.

[Wikipedia: Safari Records] Safari Records was an UK independent record label based in London and operating between 1977 and 1985. Safari Records was formed early in 1977 by Tony Edwards (former co-manager of Deep Purple), Andreas Budde (the son of German music publisher Rolf Budde) and John Craig who previously ran Purple and Oyster Records. With the label's founders living in Paris, Berlin and London respectively, the plan was to develop a pan-European record company that would release pop records. Licensing deals were struck with Teldec in Germany and Disques Vogue in France, in the UK its product was pressed and distributed by Pye and later by Spartan Records. Most notable of the label's acts were Wayne County, The Boys, Toyah and the South Africa's first multiracial band Juluka.

[Wikipedia: Leaf Storm] Leaf Storm is the common translation for Gabriel García Márquez's novella La Hojarasca. First published in 1955, it took seven years to find a publisher. Widely celebrated as the first appearance of Macondo, the fictitious village later made famous in "One Hundred Years of Solitude", "Leaf Storm" is a testing ground for many of the themes and characters later immortalized in said book. It is also the title of a short story collection by García Márquez.

[Wikipedia: Ever Since Darwin] Ever Since Darwin is a 1977 book by the paleontologist Stephen Jay Gould. Gould's first book of collected essays, it originated from his monthly column "This View of Life," published in "Natural History" magazine. Edwin Barber—who was then the editorial director for W. W. Norton & Company— encouraged Gould to produce a book. He soon commissioned Gould to write "The Mismeasure of Man", but it was not until three years later, when Gould accumulated 33 columns, that it occurred to either of them that the "Natural History" columns should be published in a single volume. The collection of essays, written between 1973–1977, became a best-seller and propelled Gould to national prominence.

[Wikipedia: Exchequer Secretary to the Treasury] The Exchequer Secretary to the Treasury is a junior ministerial post in the British Treasury, ranked below the Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Chief Secretary to the Treasury, the Paymaster General and the Financial Secretary to the Treasury, and alongside the Economic Secretary to the Treasury. It ranks at Parliamentary Secretary level and is not a Cabinet office. Unlike the other posts of Secretary to the Treasury, it is only used occasionally, normally when the post of Paymaster General is allocated to a Minister outside the Treasury.

[Wikipedia: Love Birds (musical)] Love Birds is an original musical with book, music and lyrics by Robert J. Sherman. The musical officially premiered at the 2015 Edinburgh Fringe Festival at The Pleasance on August 7, 2015. The production was directed and choreographed by Stewart Nicholls. Prior to the Edinburgh run, there were two previews held in London at the Lost Theatre (in Stockwell) on July 28 and 29. The Original Edinburgh Cast Recording was recorded on July 30 and mixed and mastered on July 31 and August 3 and was first released by SimG Records on August 12 at the Edinburgh Festival. Two Edinburgh previews took place on August 5 and 6 with Press Night taking place on August 8. The final festival performance took place on August 31. The show starred Ruth Betteridge, Greg Castiglioni, John Guerrasio, George Knapper, Jonny Purchase, Joanna Sawyer, Anna Stolli, Rafe Watts and Ryan Willis. In its end of the year round-up of regional British fringe musical theatre, "Musical Theatre Review" hailed "Love Birds": "a triumph of whimsy, a children’s story written with adult sensibilities and featuring a cracking score that celebrated the lost era of vaudeville. Blessed with an equally strong design from Gabriella Slade and some marvellously sensitive performances, Love Birds was probably the most accomplished piece of musical theatre to arise from the many delights at this year’s festival."

[Wikipedia: Cayuga Community College Office of Public Safety] The Cayuga Community College Office of Public Safety is a law enforcement entity consisting of sworn New York State peace officers who have taken an oath to serve and protect both the Auburn Main Campus located in Cayuga County, NY, and the Fulton Branch Campus located in Oswego County, NY. The Cayuga Community College Office of Public Safety operates two main sections of service: campus police patrol operations and safety operations.

[Wikipedia: Fulda witch trials] The Witch trials of Fulda in Germany in the years from 1603 to 1606 resulted in the death of about 250 people. It belonged to the four largest witch trials in Germany alongside the Trier witch trials, the Würzburg witch trial, and the Bamberg witch trials.

[Wikipedia: Takeshi Fukunaga] Takeshi Fukunaga is a Japanese filmmaker based in New York. His first feature film, "Out of My Hand" (2015) premiered in the Panorama section at the 65th Berlin International Film Festival and won the Top Prize at the 2015 Los Angeles Film Festival. The film was later released worldwide through Ava DuVernay’s distribution company, ARRAY. Takeshi was nominated for the John Cassavetes Award at the 2016 Independent Spirit Awards. In 2017, he was selected for The Residence by Cannes Film Festival's Cinéfondation to develop his second feature film.

[Wikipedia: Professional wrestling weight classes] In professional wrestling, a weight class is a standardized weight range for the wrestlers. The top class in almost every promotion is heavyweight, but super heavyweights exist. Weight class matches in modern-day American professional wrestling are rare, but weight class championships still exist. However, Japanese professional wrestling, Mexican wrestling and British wrestling use the weight classes more seriously.

[Wikipedia: Shambhu Dayal Sinvhal] Shambhu Dayal Sinvhal (1923 - 2015) was an Indian mathematician, astronomist and a former vice chancellor of Kumaon University. Born on 20 November 1923 at Indore in the largest Indian state of Madhya Pradesh to B. D. Sinvhal and Tara Devi, he started his career as a member of the faculty of the department of mathematics and astronomy at Lucknow University in 1946 where he worked till 1954. During this period, he secured a doctoral degree (PhD) in mathematics from Lucknow in 1951. In 1954, he resigned from the university to take up the post of an assistant astronomer at Uttar Pradesh State Observatory and became its director in 1960, a post he held till his superannuation 1978. He also worked as a professor at the University of Rourkee at the department of Earth Sciences. In 1978, he was appointed as the vice chancellor of Kumaon University.

[Wikipedia: Richard Lugar] Richard Green "Dick" Lugar (born April 4, 1932) is an American politician and member of the Republican Party who served as a United States senator, representing Indiana from 1977 to 2013.

[Wikipedia: La Digue] La Digue is the third largest inhabited island of the Seychelles in terms of population, lying east of Praslin and west of Felicite Island. In terms of size it is the fourth largest granitic island of Seychelles after Mahé, Praslin and Silhouette Island. It has a population of 2,800 people, who mostly live in the west coast villages of La Passe (linked by ferry to Praslin and Mahé) and La Réunion. There is no airport on La Digue, so to get there from a foreign country, one has to fly to Victoria and continue by ferry, usually via Praslin. It has an area of 10.08 km, which makes it relatively easy to travel around by bike or on foot.

[Wikipedia: Monstera] Monstera is a genus of about 50 species of flowering plants in the arum family, Araceae, native to tropical regions of the Americas. The genus is named from the Latin word for "monstrous" or "abnormal", and refers to the unusual leaves with natural holes that members of the genus have.

[Wikipedia: American Dream (LCD Soundsystem album)] American Dream (stylized on digital releases as american dream) is the fourth studio album by American rock band LCD Soundsystem, released on September 1, 2017, by DFA and Columbia. It was first announced on January 5, 2016, the day after it was revealed that the band was reuniting after a disbandment lasting nearly five years. It is the band's first album in seven years, following "This Is Happening" (2010).

[Wikipedia: GSN Live] GSN Live is an American live interactive show on Game Show Network that premiered on February 25, 2008 at noon ET and officially ended its 3-year run on July 29, 2011. The last "live" edition aired May 13, 2011. It lasted three hours in between regular GSN programming and featured games that viewers played to win prizes over the phone, highlights from Classic game shows, interviews, behind-the-scenes views of GSN, and celebrity appearances. It was formerly hosted in two shifts. The first shift, from noon to 3 PM ET was hosted by Heidi Bohay (with Alfonso Ribeiro until August 11, 2009). Fred Roggin hosted the 3 PM to 6 PM ET segment. Kelly Packard was Roggin's co-host from September 15, 2008 to November 28, 2008 and Roggin co-hosted the 3 hours with rotating guest hosts until Debra Skelton was chosen to replace Packard on May 26, 2009, the same day the current set was introduced and when it was hosted by three people. Fred Roggin left "GSN Live" on July 2, 2009, Alfonso Ribeiro left GSN Live on August 11, 2009, Debra Skelton left GSN Live on January 2010, and Heidi Bohay left the show in April 2010, making Bob Guiney currently the sole host. The show was executive produced by Burt Dubrow until March 6, 2009, and is currently produced by John Berkson, Gary Green, and Laura Slobin. The sound mixer was Mike Dooley. Budget cuts implemented by the new GSN executive regime are causing the almost weekly dismissals of production staff members from the show. Due to these cuts the show was cut from six hours to three hours and now runs from 3 PM to 6 PM ET. The staff was cut by 7 effective December 30, 2009, leaving the future of the show in question.

[Wikipedia: Days of Wonder] Days of Wonder is a board game publisher owned by Asmodee Group since 2014. Founded in 2002, Days of Wonder distributes its games to 25 countries. It specialises in German-style board games and have branched out to include some online games. Days of Wonder has published games in English, French, German, Spanish, Italian, Dutch, Hungarian, Finnish, Polish, Danish, Czech, Swedish, Norwegian, Korean, Japanese, Portuguese, Russian, Greek. Days of Wonder was co-founded by Eric Hautemont, Pierre Gaubil, Mark Kaufman & Yann Corno. Under the guidance of the company's Creative Director, Cyrille Daujean, the company quickly made a name for itself as a publisher of board games with top notch components and gorgeous designs.

[Wikipedia: Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Schlegel] Karl Wilhelm Friedrich (after 1814: von) Schlegel (10 March 1772 – 12 January 1829), usually cited as Friedrich Schlegel, was a German poet, literary critic, philosopher, philologist and Indologist. With his older brother, August Wilhelm Schlegel, he was one of the main figures of the Jena romantics. He was a zealous promoter of the Romantic movement and inspired Samuel Taylor Coleridge, Adam Mickiewicz and Kazimierz Brodziński. Schlegel was a pioneer in Indo-European studies, comparative linguistics, morphological typology, and was the first to notice what became known as Grimm's law.

[Wikipedia: Casio BE-300] The Cassiopeia BE-300 Pocket Manager was a personal digital assistant manufactured by Casio Computer Co. Ltd and first released June 25, 2001. In Japan, it was also marketed as BE-500. The Cassiopeia BE-300 used a cut-down version of Windows CE 3.0 that was not fully compatible with Windows CE applications. It featured a 65 million color 320×240 touch-screen LCD, a 166 MHz MIPS CPU, and 16 MB of RAM. It was also equipped with a CompactFlash slot, allowing for the expansion of internal memory with external flash memory cards as well as the use of peripheral CF-compatible devices such as wireless and network adapters. Enthusiast reviews of the device were mixed with some excited about the hacking possibilities and the low price and others were dismissive of the device. In the general press it received modestly positive reviews.

[Wikipedia: Caravan Farm Theatre] Caravan Farm Theatre is a professional outdoor theatre company operated by the Bill Miner Society for Cultural Advancement. The theatre is based on an 80 acre farm, 11 kilometres northwest of Armstrong, British Columbia. Caravan Farm Theatre productions are always mounted outdoors in site-specific locations, with audiences of up to 500 at its farm location, three seasons of the year. Annually, Caravan Farm Theatre productions attract between 13,000 and 16,000 theatre-goers each year.

[Wikipedia: Diff'rent Strokes] Diff'rent Strokes is an American sitcom that aired on NBC from November 3, 1978, to May 4, 1985, and on ABC from September 27, 1985, to March 7, 1986. The series stars Gary Coleman and Todd Bridges as Arnold and Willis Jackson, two African American boys from Harlem who are taken in by a rich white Park Avenue businessman and widower named Phillip Drummond (Conrad Bain) and his daughter Kimberly (Dana Plato), for whom their deceased mother previously worked. During the first season and first half of the second season, Charlotte Rae also starred as the Drummonds' housekeeper, Mrs. Garrett (who ultimately spun off into her own successful sitcom, "The Facts of Life").

[Wikipedia: Mistatim, Saskatchewan] Mistatim (2011 population 73) is a village in Bjorkdale Rural Municipality No. 426, Saskatchewan located just to the north of Sk Hwy 3. Mistatim is 35 mi east of the town of Tisdale and 40 mi west of Hudson Bay. The Greenwater Lake Provincial Park is 30 mi to the south. The village has its own village civic government within the rural municipal government of R.M. of Bjorkdale # 426

[Wikipedia: Mike Saunders] Michael Earl "Mike" Saunders (born May 1952), also known as Metal Mike, is a rock critic and the singer of the Californian punk band Angry Samoans. He is credited with coining the music genre label "heavy metal" in a record review for Humble Pie's "As Safe As Yesterday Is" in the November 12, 1970 issue of "Rolling Stone." (The original text is shown in the VH1 Classic documentary "" from 2007.) Six months later in 1971, he used the phrase again while reviewing Sir Lord Baltimore's first album, "Kingdom Come", in the pages of "Creem" magazine.

[Wikipedia: Chak 86/6.R Sahiwal] Chak 86/6.R is situated in the main Sahiwal city. Its actual name is "Rasool Abad". It is one of the largest populated village among all the villages in the Punjab, Pakistan. It was a well-planned village developed approximately before year 1900 during British rule. Now it has grown into an urban area with all facilities. 86/6-R is famous for its biggest "Wood Market" of Asia known as "Lakkar Mandi" and it is also famous due to well-known religious personality of Sahiwal "Syed Mureed Hussain" commonly known as "Baba Mast(بابا مست)".Doctor Fazal Din Sehgal was the prominent personality of Chak and owner of 86/6R and 87/6R. This village was handed over to Maher Khar din (Lumber-dar) in 1930s by British local government. After that he invited families to live in this village and supported them as administrator. In the very beginning of the 1930s this village was divided into four blocks, and rest of the land was used for agriculture. His son Mehar Amir U Din (Lumber-dar)took over in 1958 helped to developed the area what it is at present. Now this area is well populated and has different sub areas known as main village 86, Shad-man Town, Baba Must Colony and Bashir Colony. This village was upgraded first time as union council(UC) in General Pervez Musharraf's regime and Mehar Riaz Ul Haq was elected as first Nazim along with Mazhar Javaid as his Naib Nazim of UC 86/6.R after first election.Furthermore, Mehar Riaz Ul Haq recognized as only person who was elected Nazim three times in the history of Pakistan.

[Wikipedia: Platonish] "Platonish" is the ninth episode of the ninth season of the CBS sitcom "How I Met Your Mother", and the 193rd episode overall.

[Wikipedia: Delia Murphy] Delia Murphy Kiernan (16 February 1902 – 11 February 1971) was a singer and collector of Irish ballads. She recorded several 78 rpm records in the 1930s, 1940s and 1950s. In 1962 she recorded her only LP, "The Queen of Connemara", for Irish Prestige Records, New York, on the cover of which her name appears alongside the LP title.

[Wikipedia: 2016–17 FC Bayern Munich season] The 2016–17 FC Bayern Munich season was the 118th season in the football club's history and 52nd consecutive and overall season in the top flight of German football, the Bundesliga, having won promotion from the Regionalliga in 1965 after winning the Regionalliga Süd. Bayern Munich also participated in this season's edition of the domestic cup, the DFB-Pokal, and the premier continental cup competition, the UEFA Champions League. Bayern were the reigning Bundesliga and DFB-Pokal champions, and therefore also participated in the German super cup, the DFL-Supercup. It was the 12th season for Bayern in the Allianz Arena, located in Munich, Germany. The season covers a period from 11 July 2016 to 30 June 2017.

[Wikipedia: Frederick, Prince of Wales] Frederick, Prince of Wales, KG (1 February 1707 – 31 March 1751) was heir apparent to the British throne from 1727 until his death. He was the eldest but estranged son of George II of Great Britain and Caroline of Ansbach, as well as the father of King George III.

[Wikipedia: Paul Scott (novelist)] Paul Mark Scott (25 March 19201 March 1978) was an English novelist, playwright, and poet, best known for his monumental tetralogy "The Raj Quartet." His novel "Staying On" won the Booker Prize for 1977.

[Wikipedia: Amy Braunschweiger] Amy Braunschweiger is an American freelance writer and the author of "Taxi Confidential: Life, Death and 3 A.M. Revelations in New York City", published by 671 Press. Her articles have appeared in publications including "The New York Times", "Tango", "The Wall Street Journal", "Worth", "The Village Voice" and "The New York Sun", and "New York" magazine. Her work has also appeared in Germany's "Welt am Sonntag" and "Leipziger Volkszeitung".

[Wikipedia: Bonnie Leman] Bonnie Hale Leman was the founder of Quilter's Newsletter Magazine, and one of the nation's first female magazine publishers. Born September 28, 1926, in Purdin, Missouri, to Rex and Laura Hale, she left home for college at age 16. She graduated from Park College three years later. She moved to Denver in 1953 and she met her husband, George Leman, while they were both pursuing master's degrees at the University of Denver.

[Wikipedia: Martha Southgate] Martha Southgate (born December 12, 1960) is an African-American novelist and essayist best known for her novel "Third Girl from the Left". Her work has appeared in "The New York Times Magazine", "O", "Premiere", and "Essence".

[Wikipedia: Bureau of Indian Affairs building takeover] The Bureau of Indian Affairs building takeover refers to a protest by Native Americans at the Department of Interior headquarters in the national capital of Washington, DC from November 3 to November 9, 1972. On November 3, a group of around 500 American Indians with the American Indian Movement (AIM) took over the Interior building in Washington, D.C.. It was the culmination of their cross-country journey in the Trail of Broken Treaties, intended to bring attention to American Indian issues such as living standards and treaty rights. The march had brought to Washington the largest gathering ever of Native Americans and supporters hoping to speak to government officials about their concerns and to gain change to help their peoples.

[Wikipedia: Cellular (film)] Cellular is a 2004 American action crime thriller film directed by David R. Ellis and starring Kim Basinger, Chris Evans, Jason Statham and William H. Macy. The screenplay was written by Chris Morgan and Larry Cohen.

[Wikipedia: Oral exam] The oral exam (also oral test or viva voce ; Rigorosum in German-speaking nations) is a practice in many schools and disciplines in which an examiner poses questions to the student in spoken form. The student has to answer the question in such a way as to demonstrate sufficient knowledge of the subject to pass the exam. The oral exam also helps reduce (although it does not eliminate) the risk of granting a degree to a candidate who has had the thesis or dissertation ghostwritten by an expert.

[Wikipedia: Alma Mater Iowa] Alma Mater Iowa is the alma mater hymn for the University of Iowa. The lyrics were written by Gene Mills - a graduate of the university's College of Engineering in 1947 and the melody of the song was composed in 1960

[Wikipedia: Pete Doherty] Peter Doherty (born 12 March 1979) is an English musician, songwriter, actor, poet, writer, and artist. He is best known for being co-frontman of the Libertines, which he formed with Carl Barât in 1997. His other musical projects are indie band Babyshambles and Peter Doherty and the Puta Madres.

[Wikipedia: Michael Standing (footballer)] Michael John Standing (born 20 March 1981) is an English former professional footballer who played as a midfielder. Since terminating his playing career, Standing has become an agent for former teammate and long-term friend Gareth Barry. He has also played part-time for his hometown club, Shoreham.

[Wikipedia: Kenneth P. LaValle Stadium] The Kenneth P. LaValle Stadium is the main stadium for Stony Brook University in Stony Brook, New York, United States. Construction began in 2000 at a cost of approximately $22 million. With a capacity of 8,300 people, it is the largest outdoor facility in Suffolk County. The stadium is home to the Division I Stony Brook Seawolves, including soccer, lacrosse, and football teams. The stadium opened on September 14, 2002. On October 19, 2002, it was officially named after Kenneth P. LaValle, the New York state senator who was instrumental in getting the legislative funding available for the construction of the stadium.

[Wikipedia: Samanta Schweblin] Samanta Schweblin was born in Buenos Aires in 1978. In 2001 she was granted her first award by the Fondo Nacional de las Artes (national Fund of the Arts). In that same year, her first book "El núcleo del Disturbio" (Planeta, 2002) garnered her the first prize of the Concurso Nacional Haroldo Conti. (National Contest Haroldo Conti). In 2008 she obtained the prize "Casa de las Americas" for her storybook "La Furia de las pestes", soon to be published. She was included in the anthologies "Quand elles se glissent dans la peau d'un homme" (Éditions Michalon, Francia. 2007), "Una terraza propia" (Norma, 2006), "La joven guardia" (Norma, 2005), "Cuentos Argentinos" (Siruela, España 2004), among others. In 2010 she was chosen by the Granta magazine as one of the 22 best writers in Spanish under 35 years. Some of her stories have been translated into English, French, Serbian, Swedish, Dutch, and Danish, and published in magazines and other cultural forums. An English translation of her story "Killing a Dog" was published in the Summer 2009 issue of the London-based quarterly newspaper The Drawbridge.

[Wikipedia: Suicide Squad (film)] Suicide Squad is a 2016 American superhero film based on the DC Comics antihero team of the same name, distributed by Warner Bros. Pictures. It is the third installment in the DC Extended Universe (DCEU). The film is written and directed by David Ayer and stars an ensemble cast featuring Will Smith, Jared Leto, Margot Robbie, Joel Kinnaman, Viola Davis, Jai Courtney, Jay Hernandez, Adewale Akinnuoye-Agbaje, Ike Barinholtz, Scott Eastwood, and Cara Delevingne. In "Suicide Squad", a secret government agency led by Amanda Waller recruits imprisoned supervillains to execute dangerous black ops missions and save the world from a powerful threat, in exchange for reduced sentences.

[Wikipedia: Cory Doran] Cory Doran (born February 7, 1982) is a Canadian voice actor and director who is known as the voice of Jimmy, the star of the animated show, "Jimmy Two-Shoes". He also voices the character Mike in the series "Total Drama". He took over for Lou Attia as the voice of Fungus in the second season of the Cartoon Network/YTV animated television series, Numb Chucks. He also provided the voice of Bummer in Cartoon Network/Teletoon series "Stoked" and Dabio in the "PBS Kids" animated series "Wild Kratts".

[Wikipedia: Behind Enemy Lines (2001 film)] Behind Enemy Lines is a 2001 American war film directed by John Moore in his directorial debut, and starring Owen Wilson and Gene Hackman. The film tells the story of Lieutenant Chris Burnett, an American naval flight officer who is shot down over Bosnia and uncovers genocide during the Bosnian War. Meanwhile, his commanding officer is struggling to gain approval to launch a combat search and rescue mission to save Burnett. The plot is loosely based on the 1995 Mrkonjić Grad incident that occurred during the war.

[Wikipedia: A Very Glee Christmas] "A Very Glee Christmas" is the tenth episode of the second season of the American musical television series "Glee", and the thirty-second episode overall. It was written by series co-creator Ian Brennan, directed by Alfonso Gomez-Rejon, and premiered on Fox on December 7, 2010. It served as the mid-season finale of season two—nearly two months elapsed before the next episode was aired—and featured Artie (Kevin McHale) trying to keep his girlfriend Brittany's (Heather Morris) belief in Santa Claus intact, and Sue (Jane Lynch) rigging the faculty Secret Santa gift exchange so she gets all the gifts, though she later becomes a Grinch when the gifts are repossessed.

[Wikipedia: Rocky Mosley Jr] Rocky Mosley Jr. (born Roxell Mosley Jr., March 3, 1956 in Riverside, California) is a retired American professional boxer who fought out of Las Vegas, Nevada. Mosley was the NABF and USBA Junior Middleweight Champion. At his peak Mosley was ranked as the No. 4 Junior Middleweight in the world by the Ring magazine in 1981, until he lost his North American Championship to Rocky Fratto. Mosley's biggest wins were a knockout over former Olympic Bronze medalist Johnny Baldwin and a split-decision over Larry Bonds. Baldwin's only loss at the time was a 10 round decision loss to Marvelous Marvin Hagler.

[Wikipedia: List of magazines in China] In 1898 the first women's magazine was published in China. The number of women's magazines has increased in the country since the late 1980s. In addition to national titles international magazines are also published in the country. "Madame Figaro", and "Elle" are among such titles both of which entered into the Chinese market in 1988. In 1998 "Cosmopolitan" began to be published in the country. "Esquire" is the first international men's magazine which entered into the magazine market in China in 1999. Starting in the 2000s several Japanese magazines began to be circulated in Chinese language in the country, including "CanCam".

[Wikipedia: John EchoHawk] John E. EchoHawk (Pawnee) is a Native American attorney and founder of Native American Rights Fund (NARF), established in 1970. He is a leading member of the Native American self-determination movement.

[Wikipedia: 1993 Kids' Choice Awards] The 1993 Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Awards was the sixth annual "Kids Choice Awards" event, which took place on November 14, 1993. It was hosted by Brian Austin Green, Holly Robinson Peete, and Tori Spelling The event was held at the Pauley Pavilion at UCLA in Los Angeles, California. So far, this is the latest Kids' Choice Awards ceremony date to take place, with the earliest being the 2017 ceremony (March 11, 2017).

[Wikipedia: Containment dome] A containment dome is a component of the system designed to contain the underwater blowout of an oil well such as occurred with the Macondo Well blowout from the Deepwater Horizon oil spill. This portion of the system is designed as a vacuum to suck up the products being expelled from a blowout and deliver those products to the containment system housed on the vessel moored above the blowout. Superior Energy Services is constructing this device to be used by Shell Oil Company on the barge "Arctic Challenger" as their "fourth line of defense" against a blowout in the Arctic drilling regions in the Chukchi Sea and Beaufort Sea.

[Wikipedia: Cornered (1924 film)] Cornered is a 1924 American silent drama film directed by William Beaudine. It is considered to be a lost. The story was filmed again in 1930, this time as a talkie called "Road to Paradise". It was also directed by Beaudine.

[Wikipedia: Mary Barton] Mary Barton is the first novel by English author Elizabeth Gaskell, published in 1848. The story is set in the English city of Manchester between 1839 and 1842, and deals with the difficulties faced by the Victorian working class. It is subtitled "A Tale of Manchester Life".

[Wikipedia: Wonder Woman (2009 film)] Wonder Woman is a 2009 direct-to-DVD animated superhero film focusing on the superheroine of the same name. The plot of the film is loosely based on George Pérez's reboot of the character, specifically the "Gods and Mortals" arc that started the character's second volume in 1987. It is the fourth in the line of DC Universe Animated Original Movies released by Warner Premiere and Warner Bros. Animation.

[Wikipedia: Air Midwest] Air Midwest, Inc., was a Federal Aviation Administration Part 121 certificated air carrier that operated under air carrier certificate number AMWA510A issued on May 15, 1965. It was headquartered in Wichita, Kansas, United States, and was a subsidiary of Mesa Air Group. Besides initially flying as an independent air carrier, it later operated code sharing feeder flights on behalf of Eastern Air Lines as Eastern Air Midwest Express, on behalf of Trans World Airlines (TWA) as Trans World Express and on behalf of US Airways as US Airways Express. It also operated feeder flights on behalf of Braniff (1983-1990) and Ozark Air Lines in addition to flying for Mesa Airlines. Air Midwest was shut down by its parent company, Mesa Airlines, in June 2008.

[Wikipedia: Home (soundtrack)] Home: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is the soundtrack album for "Home", a 2015 animation film based on the 2007 children book "The True Meaning of Smekday" by Adam Rex. It features songs recorded by Rihanna, Clarence Coffee Jr., Kiesza, Charli XCX, Jacob Plant, and Jennifer Lopez. It was released on March 23, 2015 through Westbury Road and Roc Nation. Following the announcement that Rihanna would star in the film, it was revealed she would release a concept album based on the animated film. As the executive producer of the soundtrack, she called on various artists to feature on the album. Rihanna's "Towards the Sun" and Jennifer Lopez's "Feel the Light" were released as singles to promote the album.

[Wikipedia: Tor Nørretranders] Tor Nørretranders (born June 20, 1955) is a Danish author of popular science. He was born in Copenhagen, Denmark. His books and lectures have primarily been focused on light popular science and its role in society, often with Nørretranders' own advice about how society should integrate new findings in popular science. He introduced the notion of exformation in his book The User Illusion.

[Wikipedia: Leofwine Godwinson] Leofwine Godwinson (c. 1035 – 14 October 1066) was a younger brother of King Harold Godwinson, the fifth son of Earl Godwin.

[Wikipedia: 291 (magazine)] 291 was an arts and literary magazine that was published from 1915 to 1916 in New York City. It was created and published by a group of four individuals: photographer/modern art promoter Alfred Stieglitz, artist Marius de Zayas, art collector/journalist/poet Agnes E. Meyer and photographer/critic/arts patron Paul Haviland. Initially intended as a way to bring attention to Stieglitz's gallery of the same name (291), it soon became a work of art in itself. The magazine published original art work, essays, poems and commentaries by Francis Picabia, John Marin, Max Jacob, Georges Ribemont-Dessaignes, de Zayas, Stieglitz and other avant-garde artists and writers of the time, and it is credited with being the publication that introduced visual poetry to the United States.

[Wikipedia: The Politics of Dancing (Paul van Dyk album)] The Politics of Dancing is a compilation mix album of trance music, mixed by Paul van Dyk and released by Ministry of Sound and its Australian subsidiary in October, 2001. It was van Dyk's first released mix album, and was followed by "The Politics of Dancing 2" in 2005.

[Wikipedia: Frankie LaRocka] Frankie LaRocka (April 17, 1954 – May 12, 2005), born Frank LaRocca, was an American rock musician and producer. He was a member of Scandal, playing drums on their debut EP, and, at various stages, played the drums with Bon Jovi, David Johansen, Bryan Adams, and John Waite. In the 1990s, he became an A&R man and producer with his most notable work being with the Spin Doctors on their breakthrough album "Pocket Full of Kryptonite".

[Wikipedia: Masatoshi Gündüz Ikeda] Masatoşi Gündüz İkeda (Japanese: 池田 正敏 ギュンドゥズ Ikeda Masatoshi Gyunduzu ) (25 February 1926 – 9 February 2003), was a Turkish mathematician of Japanese ancestry, known for his contributions to the field of algebraic number theory.

[Wikipedia: Musée des Arts décoratifs, Strasbourg] The Musée des Arts décoratifs (Museum of Decorative Art) of the city of Strasbourg, France, is found on the ground floor of the Palais Rohan, the former city palace of the Prince-Bishops from the Rohan family. One half of the museum is made up of the magnificent chambers in the late baroque, Rococo and Empire styles. The other half offers a broad overview of the art of Alsatian porcelain, gold- and silversmith masters between 1681 and 1870 (decorative arts from the region prior to the French conquest are displayed in the nearby Musée de l’Œuvre Notre-Dame.)

[Wikipedia: Richard J. Maybury] Richard J. Maybury (born October 10, 1946) is the publisher of "U.S. & World Early Warning Report for Investors". He has written several entry level books on United States economics, law, and history from a libertarian perspective. He has written these things in epistolatory form, usually as an uncle writing to his nephew, answering questions. Maybury was a high school economics teacher. After failing to find a book which would give a clear explanation on his view of economics he wrote one himself. Some of his books include "Uncle Eric Talks About Personal, Career & Financial Security"; a book that is basically the foundation for his other books about the model perspective and Higher Law, "Whatever Happened to Penny Candy?"; a book that explains the history of the [United States] economic model and how it was based on free-market Austrian economics, "Whatever Happened to Justice?"; a book about his juris naturalist philosophical viewpoints regarding the foundations of America's legal system, British Common Law, the law of the Franks, and early Christian Ireland.

[Wikipedia: Jackie Torrens] Jackie Torrens (born in Prince Edward Island) is a Canadian award-winning writer, actress, documentary-maker and journalist, best known for her CBC radio and television appearances, and for acting roles in the television series "Made in Canada" the OUTtv mini-series, "Sex & Violence" and Andrea Dorfman's feature film "Heartbeat". Her most recent television documentary, Small Town Show Biz: 2 Dreams from a Harbourtown, airs on CBC and the Documentary Channel in the fall of 2017. Her television documentary, "Edge of East", is about three east coast subcultures and aired on the Documentary Channel and CBC in the summer of 2014. Her television documentary "My Week on Welfare" also aired on CBC and the Documentary Channel in the summer of 2015. These documentaries are directed, hosted and written by Torrens and are produced by her production company Peep Media. Edge of East and Week on Welfare have been nominated for Best Documentary at the Screen Nova Scotia awards. In spring of 2017, she directed and wrote Free Reins, a documentary about a maverick that runs a horse therapy farm, for Telltale Productions and CBC's Firsthand series.

[Wikipedia: Orishas (band)] Orishas are a Cuban hip hop group from Havana, Cuba, founded in 1999. The group was first called ""Amenaza"", ""threat"" or ""menace"" in Spanish, and appealed to the Cuban youth who were hungry for African-American culture consisting of hip hop and rap. Orishas delved into a realm of music and that they created a black identity to which some among the younger generations could relate. The group is based in France where they made a deal with a record company, although they visit Cuba frequently. In 1999 Fidel Castro threw a party for them and had a meeting with all the musicians. It was the first time the Cuban government showed support for hip hop music. The group was and still is popular in Europe (especially France, Spain and Portugal) and Latin America. Yotuel Romero and Ruzzo Medina, who moved from Havana to Paris as part of an international studies program, joined Roldán González and Flaco-Pro to form the band in 1999. Their work is influenced by the hip hop movement as well as Cuban and other Latin rhythms. s of 2009 , they had produced a total of four studio albums and a greatest hits album; their latest album is Cosita Buena (released June 17, 2008). In 2009 they participated in the concert Paz Sin Fronteras II in Plaza de la Revolución, Havana, Cuba. Orishas reunited to record new material in 2016.

[Wikipedia: List of Allure cover models] "Allure" is a women's beauty magazine published by Condé Nast Publications. A famous woman, typically an actress, singer, or model, is featured on the cover of each month's issue. Following are the names of each cover subject from the most recent issue to the first issue of Allure in March 1991.

[Wikipedia: Katri, Girl of the Meadows] Katri, Girl of the Meadows (牧場の少女カトリ , Makiba no Shōjo Katori ) is an anime series based on the Finnish novel, ""Paimen, piika ja emäntä"" by Auni Nuolivaara. The series was broadcast originally in Japan in 1984 as part of the children's anthology series "World Masterpiece Theater", also known simply as ""Meisaku" from Nippon Animation. The anthology had before and after produced a great variety of animated series based on different children's novels from around the world; among them were "" (1983) and "Little Princess Sara" (1985). In Europe, where "World Masterpiece Theater" series have found huge success, "Katri, Girl of the Meadows" made its way to different countries, including Spain, Italy, France, and Germany. The series has never been broadcast or published in Finland where it remains mostly unknown.

[Wikipedia: Canadian Museum of Contemporary Photography] The Canadian Museum of Contemporary Photography (CMCP) (French: "Le Musée canadien de la photographie contemporaine" (MCPC)) was a gallery of Canadian contemporary art and documentary photography. Founded in 1985 and affiliated to the National Gallery of Canada, it was housed at the National Gallery of Canada, located at 380 Sussex Drive, Ottawa. The CMCP did not have a permanent home until it moved to its purpose-built site at 1 Rideau Canal in 1992. The Pavilion entrance building, which was opened on May 7, 1992, was originally proposed by architect Michael Lundhom, who adapted an old railway tunnel running alongside the Chateau Laurier. The museum ultimately was designed and executed by architects Rysavy Rysavy. The glass and concrete entrance from the street, reminiscent of the colonnade leading into the National Gallery, lead patrons down to the main part of the museum which was located below street level. Its founding director and chief curator was Martha Langford, who held those positions from 1985 until 1994.

[Wikipedia: VMAQT-1] Marine Tactical Electronic Warfare Training Squadron 1 (VMAQT-1) is a United States Marine Corps electronic warfare training squadron consisting of EA-6B Prowler jets. The squadron is based at Marine Corps Air Station Cherry Point, North Carolina and falls under the command of Marine Aircraft Group 14 (MAG-14) and the 2nd Marine Aircraft Wing (2nd MAW). The VMAQT-1 logo is the Banshee, an Irish mythological figure foretelling death. Its motto is “Tairngreacht Bas,” Gaelic for “Death Foretold.”

[Wikipedia: Brian Steidle] Brian Steidle (born 1976) is a former Marine Corps captain, military and security operations expert, and author who had worked on publicizing the Darfur conflict in Sudan. Steidle wrote a book, "The Devil Came on Horseback", about his experience, which was turned into a documentary film that premiered at Sundance in 2007.

[Wikipedia: 1994 San Jose State Spartans football team] The 1994 San Jose State Spartans football team represented San Jose State University during the 1994 NCAA Division I-A football season as a member of the Big West Conference. The team was led by head coach John Ralston, in his second year as head coach at San Jose State. They played their home games at Spartan Stadium in San Jose, California. The Spartans finished the 1994 season with a record of three wins and eight losses (3–8, 3–3 Big West).

[Wikipedia: Ascending limb of loop of Henle] Within the nephron of the kidney, the ascending limb of the loop of Henle is a segment of the loop of Henle downstream of the descending limb, after the sharp bend of the loop. This part of the renal tubule is divided into a thin and thick ascending limb; the thick portion is also known as the distal straight tubule, in contrast with the distal convoluted tubule downstream.

[Wikipedia: First National Bank of Mason City] The First National Bank of Mason City, also known as Norwest Bank Building and City Center of Mason City, is a historic building located in Mason City, Iowa, United States. It was designed by the Des Moines architectural firm of Liebbe, Nourse & Rasmussen, and it was the only Mason City commission for this firm. Completed in 1911, it was constructed by C.E. Atkinson of Webster City, Iowa who had built several other H.F. Liebbe designs. The 6½-story building follows the Early Commercial style. It features modestly decorated main floor and attic level with five floors of rather plain brick construction in between. The bank occupied most of the first floor and some of the office space above, while the other office space was taken up by professional offices. By the 1960s the bank occupied the whole building. John Dillinger, Baby Face Nelson, John Hamilton and Tommy Carroll robbed the bank on March 13,1934 and stole about $50,000. Dillinger was wounded in an exchange of gunfire during the heist. The building to the north of the bank was torn down in 1982 and a two-story annex to the bank replaced it. The bank building was individually listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997, and as a contributing property in the Mason City Downtown Historic District in 2005. City Center of Mason City Inc. bought the building in 1995, and remodeled it into apartments and offices.

[Wikipedia: Møller Centre] The Møller Centre is a dedicated, residential executive training and conference centre in Cambridge. It is located at Churchill College, one of the constituent colleges of the University of Cambridge. It was founded with a gift of approximately £10 million to Churchill College, donated by the A.P. Møller & Chastine Mc-Kinney Møller Foundation, a Danish institution, set up in 1953 by shipping magnate A.P. Møller. Its full title is The Maersk Mc-Kinney Møller Centre for Continuing Education, named after Mærsk Mc-Kinney Møller, the son and successor of A.P. Møller.

[Wikipedia: David McClelland] David Clarence McClelland (May 20, 1917 – March 27, 1998) was an American psychologist, noted for his work on motivation Need Theory. He published a number of works during the 1950s and the 1990s and developed new scoring systems for the Thematic Apperception Test (TAT) and its descendants. McClelland is credited with developing the Achievement Motivation Theory commonly referred to as need achievement or "n"-achievement theory. A "Review of General Psychology" survey, published in 2002, ranked McClelland as the 15th most cited psychologist of the 20th century.

[Wikipedia: Mel Gibson filmography] Mel Gibson, AO, is an American actor, director, producer and screenwriter who made his acting debut on the Australian television drama series "The Sullivans" (1976– 1983). While a student at the National Institute of Dramatic Art in Sydney, he was given an uncredited role in "I Never Promised You a Rose Garden" and subsequently appeared as a leading actor in the micro budget surf drama "Summer City" (both in 1977). Gibson rose to prominence during the Australian New Wave cinema movement in the early 1980s, having appeared in his breakthrough role in George Miller's dystopian action film "Mad Max" (1979), portraying the eponymous hero. He reprised the role in its sequels, "Mad Max 2" (1981) and "Mad Max Beyond Thunderdome" (1985). He appeared in Peter Weir's war drama "Gallipoli" (1981) and the romantic drama "The Year of Living Dangerously" (1982). Five years later he played Martin Riggs in the buddy cop action comedy "Lethal Weapon" alongside Danny Glovera role he later reprised in its sequels "Lethal Weapon 2" (1989), "Lethal Weapon 3" (1992), and "Lethal Weapon 4" (1998).

[Wikipedia: 2014 6 Hours of Silverstone] The 2014 6 Hours of Silverstone was an endurance sports car racing event held at the Silverstone Circuit near Silverstone, England on 17–20 April 2014. The event served as the opening round of the 2014 World Endurance Championship, and overall race winners were awarded the annual Tourist Trophy by the Royal Automobile Club. Toyota became the first Japanese manufacturer to win Silverstone's endurance race, with Anthony Davidson, Sébastien Buemi, and Nicolas Lapierre leading the team's second TS040 Hybrid to a 1–2 finish. The race, which had run under mixed weather conditions, was stopped in the final half-hour of competition due to heavy rains and not restarted.

[Wikipedia: California State Route 299] State Route 299 (SR 299) is a state highway in the state of California that runs across the northern part of the state. At 305.777 mi , it is the third longest California state highway (after Route 1 and Route 99). Route 299 begins at US 101 at the northern edge of Arcata and continues in an easterly direction through to the Nevada state line. Between Arcata and Redding, Route 299 intersects with State Route 96, and is briefly co-signed with State Route 3. In Redding, it intersects with State Route 273, State Route 44, and Interstate 5. East of Redding, it intersects with State Route 89, and a section is co-signed with State Route 139 before reaching Alturas. It is then co-signed with U.S. Route 395 northeast of Alturas, and then runs east toward the border with Nevada. A ghost town, Vya, Nevada, can be reached via this route, which after the border becomes a dirt road, which was formerly Nevada State Route 8A.

[Wikipedia: Meomi Design] Meomi Design Inc is a Canadian/American design studio based in Vancouver and Los Angeles founded by Vicki Wong and Michael C. Murphy. Their works include the Vancouver 2010 Winter Olympics mascots Miga, Quatchi, Sumi and Mukmuk, and The Octonauts, a series of books which were made into a TV series for the BBC channel CBeebies by Brown Bag Films and subsequently broadcast internationally.

[Wikipedia: Pisco sour] A pisco sour is an alcoholic cocktail of Peruvian origin that is typical of the cuisines from Chile and Peru, considered also a South American classic. The drink's name comes from "pisco", which is its base liquor, and the cocktail term "sour", in reference to sour citrus juice and sweetener components. The Peruvian pisco sour uses Peruvian "pisco" as the base liquor and adds freshly squeezed lime juice, syrup, ice, egg white, and Angostura bitters. The Chilean version is similar, but uses Chilean "pisco" and pica lime, and excludes the bitters and egg white. Other variants of the cocktail include those created with fruits like pineapple or plants such as coca leaves.

[Wikipedia: Smallville (season 9)] Season nine of "Smallville", an American television series, began airing on September 25, 2009. The series recounts the early adventures of Kryptonian Clark Kent as he adjusts to life in the fictional town of Smallville, Kansas, during the years before he becomes Superman. The ninth season comprises 21 episodes and concluded its initial airing on May 14, 2010, marking the fourth season to air on The CW television network. After four seasons broadcasting on Thursday nights at 8:00 pm, "Smallville" was moved to Friday nights at 8:00 pm for season nine, to make room for "The Vampire Diaries".

[Wikipedia: Gilmore Girls: A Year in the Life] Gilmore Girls: A Year in the Life is an American web television series on the streaming service Netflix. It is a sequel to "Gilmore Girls", an American comedy-drama television series created by Amy Sherman-Palladino and starring Lauren Graham and Alexis Bledel, which ran from 2000 to 2007 on The WB and The CW.

[Wikipedia: Clearview 77] Clearview 77 was a punk rock quartet hailing from Brooklyn, NY. Born in the summer of 1996, CV77 was the true definition of the "local" band. The band has played countless shows within the East Coast with acts like Face to Face, New Found Glory, Finch, Saves the Day, The Amazing Crowns, US Bombs, Big Wig, Murphy's Law, Alkaline Trio, The Queers, GOB, and many more. In their 8-year existence the band managed to finish at the top of the charts and competitions for CMJ, Discmakers, Garageband.com, mp3.com, Jim Beam, Loudenergy, had a song aired on CNN and Good Morning America, and added to college radio stations across the US. The band also finished in the top 10 in 92.3 FM K-ROCK' best unsigned band of 2000 contest. Clearview 77 have also been featured on multiple compilations with acts like NOFX, New Found Glory, Auto Pilot Off, Agnostic Front, Midtown, ALL, Saves the Day, Down By Law, Circle Jerks, and many more. The opening track on their 2000 EP "Another Story" produced by Agnostic Front frontman Roger Miret was played on K-ROCK's "The Buzz" with Matt Pinfield. This led to many 1st's for the band as they performed on live TV for "Studio Y" on cables Metro Channel. Clearview 77 also received ample airplay on national radio with their cover of the U2 classic "With or Without You" in 2002. At the tail end of their career the band recorded 2 songs and filmed TV commercial spots for the cable network TNN. The promo spots for the networks James Bond marathon aired on MTV, ESPN, TNN, TNT, TV Land, and Nickolodeon in the winter of 2002. The band parted ways and retired in the beginning of 2004.

[Wikipedia: Ronan Keating] Ronan Patrick John Keating (born 3 March 1977) is an Irish recording artist, singer, musician, and philanthropist. He debuted in 1994 alongside Keith Duffy, Michael Graham, Shane Lynch, and Stephen Gately, as the lead singer of Irish group Boyzone. His solo career started in 1999 and has recorded nine albums. He gained worldwide attention when his single "When You Say Nothing at All" was featured in the film "Notting Hill" and peaked at number one in several countries. As a solo artist, he has sold over 20 million records worldwide alongside the 25 million records with Boyzone, and in Australia, he is best known as a judge on "The X Factor" from 2010 until 2014 and a coach on "The Voice" in 2016. Keating is active in charity work and has been a charity campaigner for the Marie Keating Foundation, which raises awareness for breast cancer and is named after his mother who died from the disease in 1998.

[Wikipedia: David Koch] David Hamilton Koch ( ; born May 3, 1940) is an American businessman, philanthropist, political activist, and chemical engineer. He joined the family business Koch Industries, a conglomerate that is the second-largest privately held company in the United States, in 1970. He became president of the subsidiary Koch Engineering in 1979, and became a co-owner of Koch Industries, with older brother Charles, in 1983. He is now an executive vice president. Koch is an influential libertarian. He was the 1980 candidate for Vice President of the United States from the United States Libertarian Party and helped finance the campaign. He founded Citizens for a Sound Economy. He and his brother Charles have donated to political advocacy groups and to political campaigns, almost entirely Republican.

[Wikipedia: Josep Raich] Josep Raich Garriga (August 28, 1913 - 25 July 1988) is a former Spanish footballer of Catalan ethnicity who played for Joventut FC, CE Júpiter and FC Barcelona in Spain and FC Sète and Troyes AC in France. He played once for Spain in 1941.

[Wikipedia: Andrew Southcott] Andrew John Southcott (born 15 October 1967) is an Australian politician and medical practitioner. He was the Liberal member for the House of Representatives seat of Boothby from the 1996 election until he stood down at the 2016 election.

[Wikipedia: Vickers machine gun] The Vickers machine gun or Vickers gun is a name primarily used to refer to the water-cooled .303 British (7.7 mm) machine gun produced by Vickers Limited, originally for the British Army. The machine gun typically required a six to eight-man team to operate: one fired, one fed the ammunition, the rest helped to carry the weapon, its ammunition, and spare parts. It was in service from before the First World War until the 1960s, with air-cooled versions of it on many Allied World War I fighter aircraft.

[Wikipedia: G-Unit Films and Television Inc.] G-Unit Films and Television Inc. is an American film and television production company founded by rapper 50 Cent and Interscope in 2003. In 2008, 50 Cent stated in an interview that he has created his own independent film production company with Randall Emmett called Cheetah Vision, technically scrapping G-Unit Films. In 2010, Jackson revived G-Unit Films, renaming the company to G-Unit Films and Television Inc. The company has joint ventures with Will Packer’s production company Will Packer Productions and Universal Television. In over 18 months, Jackson has sold projects to six different networks. Among them was "Power", a STARZ drama in which he not only co-stars but also serves as co-creator and executive producer. “Power” debuted in June 2014 and was renewed for a second season after one episode. “Power’s” August 2 season finale garnered the high ratings through the season, more than doubling the premiere and it generated 71% of the African-American viewership of any scripted premium series since 2006. Jackson serves as a co‐star, co-creator and executive television producer of the STARZ network drama where he signed a 2 year contract with representation coming from the Agency for the Performing Arts. Ratings have been a success for Starz. with the second season premiere being the highest-ever season with 1.43 million people tuning in live. Jackson also serves as an executive television producer for "Dream School" for SundanceTV, a series that follows fifteen high school dropouts as they are taught by a series of celebrity "teachers".

[Wikipedia: The Shining (film)] The Shining is a 1980 horror film produced and directed by Stanley Kubrick and co-written with novelist Diane Johnson. The film is based on Stephen King's 1977 novel "The Shining".

[Wikipedia: Bud Bowl] The Bud Bowl was a stop motion animated Super Bowl advertising campaign first aired in 1989, and sporadically during the 1990s. It served as an advertisement for Anheuser-Busch's Budweiser family of beers. It featured anthropomorphized Budweiser bottles playing a football game against Bud Light bottles.

[Wikipedia: Oberlin College] Oberlin College is a private liberal arts college in Oberlin, Ohio. The college was founded as the Oberlin Collegiate Institute in 1833 by John Jay Shipherd and Philo Stewart. It is the oldest coeducational liberal arts college in the United States and the second oldest continuously operating coeducational institute of higher learning in the world. The Oberlin Conservatory of Music, part of the college, is the oldest continuously operating conservatory in the United States.

[Wikipedia: Atlantic and Gulf Coastal Plain Province] The Atlantic and Gulf Coastal Plain Province is a coastal plain floristic province within the North American Atlantic Region, a floristic region within the Holarctic Kingdom. It lies to the east and south of the Appalachian Province, from southern Nova Scotia to eastern Texas. The narrow coastal strip in New England widens in New Jersey to a broad plain through the Delmarva Peninsula, Virginia, the Carolinas, southern Georgia, and much of Florida. Along the Mississippi Embayment, the province stretches up to the confluence of the Ohio and Mississippi rivers in Cairo, Illinois. The province can be further subdivided into the Atlantic coastal plain and Gulf coastal plain.

[Wikipedia: Jed Hoyer] Jed D. Hoyer (born December 7, 1973), is the executive vice-president and general manager of the Chicago Cubs. He has been the general manager of the San Diego Padres and the assistant general manager of the Boston Red Sox. He joined the Red Sox in 2002, after the ownership of John W. Henry, Tom Werner, and Larry Lucchino took over the team from John Harrington. He worked under the title of assistant to the general manager until December 2005. He then was given the title of assistant general manager. Hoyer briefly served as co-general manager of the Red Sox from December 12, 2005 to January 19, 2006 and then returning to his previous job of assistant general manager. In November 2003, he accompanied general manager Theo Epstein to Arizona to persuade pitcher Curt Schilling to accept a trade to the Red Sox, spending Thanksgiving at Schilling's home in what was eventually a successful effort.

[Wikipedia: Florida International University] Florida International University (FIU) is an American metropolitan public research university in Greater Miami, Florida, United States. FIU has two major campuses in Miami-Dade County, with its main campus in University Park. Florida International University is classified as a research university with highest research activity by the Carnegie Foundation and a research university by the Florida Legislature.

[Wikipedia: Onizuka Prop Wash Award] The Onizuka Prop Wash Award recognizes the student at the United States Air Force Test Pilot School (USAF TPS) who contributed most to class spirit and morale. The honoree from each class is selected by his or her fellow students rather than by school faculty. The award is named in memory of TPS graduate Ellison Onizuka who perished in the explosion of the Space Shuttle "Challenger" in 1986.

[Wikipedia: 709th Military Police Battalion] The 709th Military Police Battalion is a United States Army Military Police unit currently located in Grafenwoehr in Germany. The unit falls under the command of the 18th Military Police Brigade, associated with 21st Theater Sustainment Command.

[Wikipedia: Freedom of movement under United States law] Freedom of movement under United States law is governed primarily by the Privileges and Immunities Clause of the United States Constitution which states, "The Citizens of each State shall be entitled to all Privileges and Immunities of Citizens in the several States." As far back as the circuit court ruling in "Corfield v. Coryell," 6 Fed. Cas. 546 (1823), freedom of movement has been judicially recognized as a fundamental Constitutional right. In "Paul v. Virginia," 75 U.S. 168 (1869), the Court defined freedom of movement as "right of free ingress into other States, and egress from them." However, the Supreme Court did not invest the federal government with the authority to protect freedom of movement. Under the "privileges and immunities" clause, this authority was given to the states, a position the Court held consistently through the years in cases such as "Ward v. Maryland," 79 U.S. 418 (1871), the "Slaughter-House Cases," 83 U.S. 36 (1873) and "United States v. Harris," 106 U.S. 629 (1883).

[Wikipedia: Hurricane Alice (June 1954)] Hurricane Alice was the second-strongest Atlantic hurricane to make landfall in the month of June since reliable records began in the 1850s. While not a major hurricane, the storm was linked to catastrophic flooding in southern Texas and northern Mexico, especially along the Rio Grande and its tributaries. The third tropical cyclone and first hurricane of the 1954 Atlantic hurricane season, Alice was one of two storms to receive the same name that year, the other being an unusual post-season hurricane that persisted into the new year of 1955, becoming one of only two January hurricanes on record (the other having formed in 1938). The first Alice developed rather suddenly on June 24 over the Bay of Campeche, though it may well have formed earlier but went undetected due to limited surface weather observations. Moving northwestward, Alice strengthened rapidly as it neared the Mexican coastline, becoming a hurricane early the next day. By midday on June 25, the hurricane reached peak winds of 110 mi/h before moving inland well south of the U.S.–Mexico border. The storm struck an area with few inhabitants and caused relatively minimal impacts from wind near the point of landfall and in southern Texas.

[Wikipedia: Hot Springs School District] Hot Springs School District is a public school district based in Hot Springs, Arkansas, United States. The Hot Springs School District encompasses 33.15 mi2 of land including all or portions of Garland County communities including Hot Springs, Hot Springs National Park, Piney, and Lake Hamilton.

[Wikipedia: Larry Johnson (running back)] Larry Alphonso Johnson Jr. (born November 19, 1979) is a former American football running back in the National Football League (NFL). He played college football for Penn State University, and was recognized as a unanimous All-American. He was drafted by the Kansas City Chiefs in the first round of the 2003 NFL Draft, and also played for the Cincinnati Bengals, Washington Redskins and Miami Dolphins of the NFL.

[Wikipedia: Washington: Behind Closed Doors] Washington: Behind Closed Doors is a 1977 American 6-part television miniseries produced by Paramount Television and broadcast by ABC in 1977. It is based on John Ehrlichman's book "The Company", a novel inspired by the author's time with the Nixon administration.

[Wikipedia: Anglia Regional Co-operative Society] Anglia Regional Co-operative Society Limited was the fifth largest consumer co-operative in the United Kingdom. It was formed by the merger of the Greater Peterborough Regional and Anglia (formerly Waveney) co-operative societies in 1987. The Society had a wide-ranging and extensive portfolio with over 80 stores, principally trading in East Anglia. Head office was located at Westgate House, Peterborough until 2011.

[Wikipedia: Don't Wait (Dashboard Confessional song)] "Don't Wait" is the first single from the album "Dusk and Summer" by Dashboard Confessional. The song was written by the lead singer of Dashboard Confessional, Chris Carrabba. It is about living for the day, that 'the moment is now'. "Don't Wait" was released to radio on May 23, 2006.

[Wikipedia: Oaks Park High School] Oaks Park High School is an 11-18 mixed comprehensive school situated in Newbury Park, Ilford. Opened in September 2001, Oaks Park now has over 1500 students, with over 300 in the Sixth Form.

[Wikipedia: Budget Rent a Car] Budget Rent a Car System, Inc. is an American car rental company that was founded in 1958 in Los Angeles, California by Morris Mirkin. Budget's operations are headquartered in Parsippany-Troy Hills, New Jersey.

[Wikipedia: Dover Athletic F.C.] Dover Athletic Football Club is an association football club based in the town of Dover, Kent, England. The club currently competes in the National League, the fifth tier of English football. The club was formed in 1983 after the dissolution of the town's previous club, Dover F.C., whose place in the Southern League was taken by the new club. In the 1989–90 season Dover Athletic won the Southern League championship, but failed to gain promotion to the Football Conference as the club's ground did not meet the required standard. Three seasons later the team won the title again and this time gained promotion to the Conference, where they spent nine seasons before being relegated at the end of the 2001–02 season. The club was transferred from the Southern League to the Isthmian League in 2004, competing in that league's Premier Division for one season before mounting financial problems led the club to a further relegation. In the 2007–08 season, Dover won Division One South of the league, before winning the Premier Division in 2008–09 and thus gaining promotion to the Conference South. They spent five seasons in this division, reaching the play-offs three times, before defeating Ebbsfleet United in the 2013–14 play-off final to finally return to the Conference Premier after a twelve-year absence.

[Wikipedia: Gal Gadot] Gal Gadot-Varsano (Hebrew: גל גדות‎ ‎ , ] ; born April 30, 1985) is an Israeli actress and model. Gadot is primarily known for her role as Wonder Woman in the DC Extended Universe. She started with "" (2016), continued again in 2017 as the lead in "Wonder Woman", and will reprise the role in "Justice League". She previously appeared as Gisele Yashar in several films of "The Fast and the Furious" franchise.

[Wikipedia: Solos and Duets] Solos and Duets is a two disc compilation album of previously released recordings from Stash Records by the father and son pair Bucky Pizzarelli and John Pizzarelli. The entire release was riddled with mistakes, such as how disc one is actually disc two and vice versa.

[Wikipedia: Sanctity of Life Act] The Sanctity of Life Act was a bill first introduced in the United States House of Representatives by Rep. Steve Stockman (R-TX) on July 20, 1995, and cosponsored by Rep. Barbara Cubin (R-WY). It was reintroduced with similar text by Rep. Ron Paul (R-TX) in 2005 in the 109th United States Congress, 110th United States Congress, 111th United States Congress, and the 112th United States Congress. The repeatedly introduced bill sparked advocacy from pro-life activists and opposition from pro-choice activists. The bill has never become law.

[Wikipedia: Newport County A.F.C.] Newport County Association Football Club (Welsh: "Clwb Pêl-droed Sir Casnewydd" ) is a professional association football club based in the city of Newport, South Wales. The team play in League Two, the fourth tier of the English football league system. Most recently reformed in 1989, the club is a continuation of the Newport County club which was founded in 1912 and was a founder member of the Football League's new Third Division in 1920.

[Wikipedia: Bill Grainer] Bill Grainer is a Grammy certified American songwriter and producer. He has written for such artists as Jai McDowall, Linda Eder, and Jennifer Hudson, with whom he co-wrote the song "Stand Up" for her Grammy Award-winning self-titled debut album.

[Wikipedia: Yugoslav destroyer Beograd] The Yugoslav destroyer "Beograd was the lead ship of the "Beograd"-class of destroyers built for the Royal Yugoslav Navy (, KJRM) during the late 1930s. When Yugoslavia entered World War II due to the German-led Axis invasion of that country in April 1941, she was damaged by a near miss during an air attack, and was then captured by the Italians. After refitting, she saw extensive service with the Royal Italian Navy from August 1941 to September 1943, completing over 100 convoy escort missions in the Mediterranean under the name Sebenico, mainly as a convoy escort on routes between Italy and the Aegean and North Africa. Following the Italian armistice in September 1943, she was captured by the German Navy and redesignated TA43". Re-armed, she served with the 9th Torpedo Boat Flotilla on escort and minelaying duties in the northern Adriatic. She was sunk or scuttled at Trieste on 30 April or 1 May 1945. She was raised in June 1946, probably to remove her as a navigation hazard, only to be scuttled again in either July 1946 or in 1947.

[Wikipedia: No Reason] "No Reason" is the fourth single and second track by the Canadian rock band Sum 41, from their fourth studio album "Chuck" (2004). It was released in the United States and Europe as a promotional single. The song is the main track of the soundtrack of the movie "Dirty Love". Before the movie's premiere, Sum 41 released an unofficial music video for the single as a promotion for the movie, showing the band's scene in the movie where they play live, along with various other scenes from the movie. It was the band's last single before the departure of Dave Baksh in May 2006.

[Wikipedia: Scrooge (1935 film)] Scrooge is a 1935 British fantasy film directed by Henry Edwards and starring Seymour Hicks, Donald Calthrop and Robert Cochran. Hicks appears as Ebenezer Scrooge, the miser who hates Christmas. It was the first sound version of the Charles Dickens classic "A Christmas Carol", not counting a 1928 short subject that now appears to be lost. Hicks had previously played the role of Scrooge on the stage many times beginning in 1901, and again in a 1913 British silent film version.

[Wikipedia: Gary Ayres] Gary James Ayres (born 28 September 1960) is a former Australian rules footballer for the Hawthorn Football Club and currently the senior coach for the Port Melbourne Football Club in the Victorian Football League.

[Wikipedia: Archivio di Stato di Firenze] The repository for the public records and archives of the Italian city of Florence. It was founded 20 February 1852 by a decree of the Grand Duke Leopoldo II di Toscana, located until 1989 in the Uffizi, was then locaded in a new building near Piazza Beccaria in Florence. It has 75 km of documents from VIII sec. to now. Staff have included Gaetano Milanesi among others.

[Wikipedia: Sitting Pretty (1933 film)] Sitting Pretty is a 1933 American Pre-Code musical comedy film telling the story of two aspiring, but untalented, songwriters, played by Jack Oakie and Jack Haley. They are joined by Ginger Rogers and Thelma Todd on their trip from New York City to Hollywood to find their fortune. This film was directed by Harry Joe Brown and featured the Pickens Sisters as themselves.

[Wikipedia: Largo Winch (TV series)] Largo Winch is a television program based on the Belgian comic book series of the same name by Philippe Francq and Jean Van Hamme that first aired on January 26, 2001 in France on M6, and May 3, 2001 in Germany on ProSieben. The show lasted two seasons. Guest stars included Kim Poirier, Vernon Dobtcheff, Elisha Cuthbert, Olga Kurylenko and David Carradine.

[Wikipedia: Woody Guthrie Folk Festival] The Woody Guthrie Folk Festival is held annually in mid-July to commemorate the life and music of Woody Guthrie. The festival is held on the weekend closest to July 14 - the date of Guthrie's birth - in Guthrie's hometown of Okemah, Oklahoma. Daytime main stage performances are held indoors at the Brick Street Cafe and the Crystal Theater. Evening main stage performances are held outdoors at the Pastures of Plenty. The festival is planned and implemented annually by the Woody Guthrie Coalition, a non-profit corporation, whose goal is simply to ensure Guthrie's musical legacy.

[Wikipedia: Robert J. Van de Graaff] Robert Jemison Van de Graaff (December 20, 1901 – January 16, 1967) was an American engineer, physicist, and noted for his design and construction of high-voltage Van de Graaff generators. He taught at Princeton University and Massachusetts Institute of Technology.

[Wikipedia: Hagibis] Hagibis (meaning "rapidity", "velocity", or "speed" in Tagalog) is one of the first comic book heroes in the history of komiks in the Philippines. Hagibis was created in 1947 by Francisco V. Coching, a Filipino comic book artist and illustrator who is considered as the “father" or "grandfather” of Filipino komiks. Tarzan-like in appearance, the form of Hagibis had also been based on another early Filipino comic book hero, namely Kulafu who was created by another pioneer Filipino comic book artist, Francisco Reyes. Hagibis became one of the longest running serials in the history of Filipino comic books, which was featured for fifteen years in the pages of "Liwayway" magazine. An example story about Hagibis that appeared in "Liwayway" magazine was "Si Hagibis sa Ibang Daigdig" (Hagibis in Another World). Sequels in komiks to the Hagibis series were "Anak ni Hagibis" (Child of Hagibis) and "Si Gat Sibasib" (Gat Sibasib). Hagibis was later made into a movie with Fernando Poe, Sr. acting as Hagibis.

[Wikipedia: 70th Fighter Squadron] The 70th Fighter Squadron is an inactive United States Air Force squadron. The Squadron was constituted on 14 Dec 1940 as the 70th Pursuit Squadron (Interceptor). This squadron was activated on 1 Jan 1941 and patrolled the airspace around Fiji. After the war, the squadron was declared inactivated on 26 Dec 1945. The 70th Tactical Fighter Squadron was reinstated on 8 Sep 1975 and serve the 70th Fighter Squadron was retired on 1 Nov 1991. It was most recently part of the 347th Wing at Moody Air Force Base, Georgia. It operated Fairchild Republic A-10 Thunderbolt II aircraft conducting ground attack missions.

[Wikipedia: Burning an Illusion] Burning an Illusion is a 1981 British film written and directed by Menelik Shabazz, about a young British-born black woman's love life, mostly shot in London's Notting Hill and Ladbroke Grove communities. It was only the second British feature to have been made by a black director, following Horace Ové’s 1975 "Pressure", and is described by Stephen Bourne as "the first British film to give a black woman a voice of any kind." Imruh Bakari worked with Shabazz and co-founded Kumba productions with him.

[Wikipedia: Col de Sarenne] Col de Sarenne (1999 m ) is a mountain pass located in the Grandes Rousses massif, approximately 9 km east of Alpe d'Huez in the Isère department of France. The pass connects Alpe d'Huez with the villages of Mizoën and Le Freney-d'Oisans in the Romanche valley. The road over the pass was used on Stage 18 of the 2013 Tour de France bicycle race as this loops round to enable the cyclists to climb the Alpe d'Huez twice in the same stage.

[Wikipedia: Mary Jo Catlett] Mary Jo Catlett (born September 2, 1938) is an American actress. She is notable for her role as housekeeper Pearl Gallagher on the television sitcom "Diff'rent Strokes", and currently for her role as Mrs. Puff in "SpongeBob SquarePants", which she has held since the show's debut.

[Wikipedia: Flamingo Las Vegas] Flamingo Las Vegas (formerly The Fabulous Flamingo and Flamingo Hilton Las Vegas) is a hotel and casino located on the Las Vegas Strip in Paradise, Nevada. It is owned and operated by Caesars Entertainment Corporation.

[Wikipedia: List of Sy Smith concert tours] Sy Smith is an American R&B singer, songwriter, entertainer, record producer, and actress. Her first concert tour was in America, where she performed in more than 9 shows in 2006. The next year, she embarked on another tour in North America, Conflict Tour, playing over 20 shows. In 2009 she embarked on a promo Soul Sista tour, performing with Conya Doss, Maya Azucena, and Yahzarah.

[Wikipedia: List of Grand Rapids Rampage seasons] This is a list of seasons completed by the Grand Rapids Rampage. The Rampage were a professional arena football franchise of the Arena Football League (AFL), based in Grand Rapids, Michigan. The team was established in 1998. The origins of the franchise date back to 1988, where they were the Detroit Drive, and then the Massachusetts Marauders for one season in 1994, but folded after that season. Three years later, Dan DeVos, son of Amway co-founder and current owner of the NBA's Orlando Magic, Richard DeVos, bought the franchise out of bankruptcy court, moved them to Grand Rapids, and renamed them the Rampage. The Rampage won ArenaBowl XV, and were regular playoff contenders from 1999 to 2003. After this however, the Rampage did not win more than five games until 2008. In the 2008 season, the Rampage were 6–10 and got to the conference championship, but fell short of a second ArenaBowl appearance. Prior to the 2009 season, the AFL announced that it had suspended operations indefinitely and canceled the 2009 season. The franchise did not return when the league resumed operations in . The Rampage played their home games at Van Andel Arena.

[Wikipedia: The Ghost Map] The Ghost Map: The Story of London's Most Terrifying Epidemic – and How it Changed Science, Cities and the Modern World is a book by Steven Berlin Johnson in which he describes the most intense outbreak of cholera in Victorian London (See 1854 Broad Street cholera outbreak) The book incorporated the idea of gemeinschaft, dealing with the effects of an epidemic in a city of common values, language, and traditions. The two central protagonists are Dr. John Snow, who created a map of the cholera cases, and the Reverend Henry Whitehead, whose extensive knowledge of the local community helped determine the initial cause of the outbreak. Dr. John Snow was a revered anesthetist who carried out epidemiological work in Soho, London. Around the mid-1850s Snow figured out the source of cholera contamination to be the drinking water from the Broad Street pump.

[Wikipedia: Friends and Nervous Breakdowns] Friends and Nervous Breakdowns is the first album by rapper Weerd Science (real name Josh Eppard) also the former drummer of progressive rock bands 3 and current drummer of Coheed and Cambria. A video was released for "Conspiracy Theories w/ out Mel Gibson".

[Wikipedia: Michigan] Michigan ( ) is a state in the Great Lakes and Midwestern regions of the United States.

[Wikipedia: In Country] In Country is a 1989 American drama film produced and directed by Norman Jewison, starring Bruce Willis and Emily Lloyd. The screenplay by Frank Pierson and Cynthia Cidre was based on the novel by Bobbie Ann Mason. The original music score was composed by James Horner. Willis earned a best supporting actor Golden Globe nomination for his role.

[Wikipedia: MZ Wallace] MZ Wallace is an American company which designs, manufactures and markets handbags and fashion accessories. The company was founded in 1999 by Monica Zwirner (born New York City, 1962) and Lucy Wallace Eustice (born New York City, 1965). Based in New York, its stores are located in the Manhattan neighborhoods of SoHo and the Upper East Side, and were designed by New York-based German architect, Annabelle Selldorf. The MZ Wallace design studio and showroom are also in SoHo. In addition to their own boutiques and website, MZ Wallace has built a strong presence throughout the United States through select areas in department stores and specialty retailer locations, such as Saks Fifth Avenue, Nordstrom, Bloomingdale's. The brand is known for introducing a sense of "functional luxury" into women's handbag collections, mainly characterized by their signature lightweight Bedford Nylon and Oxford Nylon materials. The company’s custom Bedford Nylon took two years to develop before launching in 2007. Later came the development of the Oxford collection in 2009, which launched with original styles such as the Sutton and Large and Small Metro Totes. Since its debut in 2014, the best-selling Medium Metro Tote has become a registered U.S. trademark as of 2015.

[Wikipedia: Darkest Hour: Europe '44-'45] Darkest Hour: Europe '44-'45 is a free modification developed by Darklight Games / The Darkest Hour Team for Tripwire Interactive's multiplayer first-person shooter video game "", It is based on the Western Front during World War II between 1944 and 1945, depicting the conflict between Allied and German forces. Several large-scale operations are covered, including the invasion of Normandy, Battle of the Bulge, Operation Market Garden, and Battle of the Hürtgen Forest.

[Wikipedia: Gore Verbinski] Gregor "Gore" Verbinski (born March 16, 1964) is an American film director, screenwriter, producer and musician. He is best known for directing the first three films of the "Pirates of the Caribbean" film saga, "The Ring", and "Rango". Verbinski is a graduate of UCLA School of Theater, Film and Television. His most recent film, "A Cure for Wellness", was released in 2017. Verbinski won the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature in 2012 for his animated action-comedy western "Rango".

[Wikipedia: Sri Lanka Freedom Party] The Sri Lanka Freedom Party (Sinhalese: ශ්‍රී ලංකා නිදහස් පක්ෂය "Sri Lanka Nidahas Pakshaya" , Tamil: இலங்கை சுதந்திரக் கட்சி ) is one of the major political parties in Sri Lanka. It was founded by S.W.R.D Bandaranaike in 1951 and, since then, has been one of the two largest parties in the Sri Lankan political arena. It first came to power in 1956 and since then has been the predominant party in government on a number of occasions. The party is generally considered as having a democratic socialist or progressive economic agenda and is often associated with nationalist Sinhala parties. The Sri Lanka Freedom Party is a main constituent party in the United People's Freedom Alliance.

[Wikipedia: John Brooks (mayor)] John Brooks (June 13, 1785 – February 19, 1869) was the ninth mayor of Columbus, Ohio. He was the first mayor elected by popular vote in the City of Columbus on April 14, 1834. He was elected to a two-year term, but only served for one year. He resigned from office on April 21, 1835. John Bailhache was appointed by city council to complete the unexpired term of Brooks's tenure.

[Wikipedia: Andrew Lippa] Andrew Lippa (December 22, 1964) is an American composer, lyricist, book writer, performer, and producer. He is a resident artist at the Ars Nova Theater in New York City.

[Wikipedia: G56 Hangzhou–Ruili Expressway] The Hangzhou–Ruili Expressway (), commonly referred to as the "Hangrui Expressway" () is an expressway in China that connects the cities of Hangzhou, Zhejiang, and Ruili, Yunnan, a city on the border with Burma. When complete, it will be 2935 km in length.

[Wikipedia: Division of Barrier] The Division of Barrier was an Australian Electoral Division in New South Wales. The division was created in 1900 and was one of the original 75 divisions contested at the first federal election. It was named for the Barrier Range near the city of Broken Hill in western New South Wales. In 1901 it included Broken Hill, Wilcannia, White Cliffs and Tibooburra and the surrounding pastoral areas. In 1906 it gained Menindee, Wentworth from Riverina and in 1913 it gained Balranald and Deniliquin from Riverina. It was abolished in 1922 with Broken Hill, Wentworth and Balranald being transferred to Darling and Deniliquin transferred to Riverina. It was a very safe seat for the Australian Labor Party, although both its members left the ALP at the end their terms: Josiah Thomas to join the Nationalists, and Michael Considine (a radical socialist) to sit as an independent.

[Wikipedia: EN 13537] EN 13537 (or EN13537) is a European standard designed to standardize the temperature ratings on sleeping bags manufactured and/or sold in Europe. As of January 1, 2005 a CEN criterion came into effect covering the testing and publication of temperature ratings for sleeping bags. The new criterion differs from the standards that existed formerly.

[Wikipedia: Black Star (photo agency)] Black Star, also known as Black Star Publishing Company, was started by refugees from Germany who had established photographic agencies there in the 1920s. Today it is a New York City-based photographic agency with offices in London and in White Plains, New York. It is known for photojournalism, corporate assignment photography and stock photography services worldwide. It is noted for its contribution to the history of photojournalism in the United States. It was the first privately owned picture agency in the United States, and introduced numerous new techniques in photography and illustrated journalism. The agency was closely identified with Henry Luce's magazines "Life" and "Time".

[Wikipedia: John Logan (pioneer)] John Logan (1747July 1807) was a pioneer and politician from the U.S. state of Virginia and later, Kentucky. He participated in Lord Dunmore's War in 1774, serving under his brother, Benjamin. After moving to Kentucky County, Virginia, he took part in several expeditions against the Shawnee, including some led by Daniel Boone, John Bowman, and George Rogers Clark. After Kentucky County was split into three counties, Logan represented his home county, Lincoln in the Virginia House of Delegates and at several of the conventions that effected the separation of Virginia from Kentucky.

[Wikipedia: 1977–78 Port Vale F.C. season] The 1977–78 season was Port Vale's 66th season of football in the Football League, and their eighth successive season (14th overall) in the Third Division. Finishing in 21st place, they were relegated to the Fourth Division. Roy Sproson was sacked in October after a poor start to the season, though things did not improve under his replacement Bobby Smith, despite Smith spending big money to bring in new players. Smith also left the club at the end of the season.

[Wikipedia: The Last of the Mohicans (1992 film)] The Last of the Mohicans is a 1992 American epic historical drama, set in 1757 during the French and Indian War. It was directed by Michael Mann, based on James Fenimore Cooper's eponymous 1826 novel and George B. Seitz's 1936 film adaptation, owing more to the latter than the novel. The film stars Daniel Day-Lewis, Madeleine Stowe, and Jodhi May, with Russell Means, Wes Studi, Eric Schweig, and Steven Waddington in supporting roles. It was produced by Morgan Creek Pictures.

[Wikipedia: Inquiline] In zoology, an inquiline (from Latin "inquilinus", "lodger" or "tenant") is an animal that lives commensally in the nest, burrow, or dwelling place of an animal of another species. For example, some organisms such as insects may live in the homes of gophers and feed on debris, fungi, roots, etc. The most widely distributed types of inquiline are those found in association with the nests of social insects, especially ants and termites – a single colony may support dozens of different inquiline species. The distinctions between parasites, social parasites, and inquilines are subtle, and many species may fulfill the criteria for more than one of these, as inquilines do exhibit many of the same characteristics as parasites. However, parasites are specifically "not" inquilines, because by definition they have a deleterious effect on the host species, while inquilines do not.

[Wikipedia: Joey (Sugarland song)] "Joey" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music duo Sugarland. The duo's two members, Jennifer Nettles and Kristian Bush, wrote it along with country singer Bill Anderson. It was released in July 2009 as the fourth single from the duo's album "Love on the Inside". Sugarland's twelfth single release, it debuted at number 50 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs charts in July 2009.

[Wikipedia: PokerFace] PokerFace is a British game show broadcast on ITV, where one person is guaranteed to win £1 million. The show was created by Ant & Dec, who also host it. As implied by the title, "PokerFace", is based on the bluffing aspect of poker games. The contestants do not necessarily need to get the questions right in order to win, and can bluff their way through the game and pressure their opponents into folding in order to win.

[Wikipedia: Richard Hornsby &amp; Sons] Richard Hornsby & Sons was an engine and machinery manufacturer in Lincolnshire, England from 1828 until 1918. The company was a pioneer in the manufacture of the oil engine developed by Herbert Akroyd Stuart, which was marketed under the "Hornsby-Akroyd" name. The company developed an early track system for vehicles, selling the patent to Holt & Co. (predecessor to Caterpillar Inc.) in America. In 1918, Richard Hornsby & Sons became a subsidiary of the neighbouring engineering firm Rustons of Lincoln, to create "Ruston & Hornsby".

[Wikipedia: PodcastOne] PodcastOne is an advertiser-supported podcast network, founded by Norm Pattiz, also founder of radio-giant Westwood One. As of 2016 PodcastOne hosted in excess of 200 podcasts, including podcasts from a variety of notable people such as Adam Carolla, Shaquille O'Neal, Stone Cold Steve Austin, Heather Dubrow, Larry King, Jordan Harbinger, PFT Commenter, Vince Russo, and Bret Easton Ellis.

[Wikipedia: Casino (cocktail)] The Casino is an IBA official cocktail made with gin, maraschino liqueur, orange bitters and fresh lemon juice.

[Wikipedia: Extraction (film)] Extraction is a 2015 American action-thriller film directed by Steven C. Miller and written by Umair Aleem. The film stars Kellan Lutz, Bruce Willis, Gina Carano, D. B. Sweeney, Dan Bilzerian and Steve Coulter. The film was released on December 18, 2015, in a limited release, and through video on demand by Lionsgate Premiere.

[Wikipedia: 1975 Pan American Games medal table] The 1975 Pan American Games, officially known as the VII Pan American Games, were a continental multi-sport event held in Mexico City, Mexico, from October 12 to October 26, 1975. At the Games, 3,146 athletes selected from 33 National Olympic Committees (NOCs) participated in events in 19 sports. Twenty-three nations earned medals during the competition, and nine won at least one gold medal.

[Wikipedia: 2014–15 VCU Rams men's basketball team] The 2014–15 VCU Rams men's basketball team represented Virginia Commonwealth University during the 2014–15 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. It was the 47th season of the University fielding a men's basketball program. Led by sixth-year head coach Shaka Smart, they continued to play their home games at the Stuart C. Siegel Center. They were a member of the Atlantic 10 Conference. They finished the season 26–10, 12–6 in A-10 play to finish in a tie for fourth place. They defeated Fordham, Richmond, Davidson, and Dayton to become champions of the Atlantic 10 Tournament. They received an automatic bid to the NCAA Tournament where they lost in the second round to Ohio State.

[Wikipedia: Grand Canyon Connector Bicycle Route] The Adventure Cycling Association Grand Canyon Connector Bicycle Route is the 573 mi connector route between the Western Express Bicycle Route and the Southern Tier Bicycle Route. It also connects the Zion National Park and both sides of Grand Canyon National Park. From the Western Express Route, it offers the opportunity to access Zion National Park and the north rim of the Grand Canyon. From the Southern Tier Route, it is 185 mi to reach the south rim of the Grand Canyon.

[Wikipedia: Lisa Vanderpump] Lisa Jane Vanderpump (born 15 September 1960) is a British restaurateur, author, actress, and television personality. She is known for her appearances on Bravo's "The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills", "Vanderpump Rules", and ABC's "Dancing with the Stars". Vanderpump and husband, Ken Todd, have owned 26 restaurants, bars and clubs in London and Los Angeles, including The Shadow Lounge, Bar Soho, SUR, Pump, and Villa Blanca.

[Wikipedia: Dee Snider's Strangeland: Seven Sins] Dee Snider's Strangeland: Seven Sins is a 2007–2008 comic book limited series prequel based on the 1998 Dee Snider film "Strangeland". It was also the first comic series to be based on The Shooting Gallery film.

[Wikipedia: Norma Millay Ellis] Norma Millay Ellis (1894 - May 14, 1986) was an American singer and actress, and sister of the famous poet and playwright Edna St. Vincent Millay. Born in Rockland, Maine to Cora Lounella Buzelle and Henry Tolman Millay, Ellis was one of three sisters who were all, due to their parents’ divorcement, largely brought up by their mother. Having been a writer of poetry herself, Cora Millay ensured the presence of art and music in the Millay household, which became a vital part of the upbringing of Ellis and her two sisters. Ellis would go on to perform with the Provincetown Players and appear on Broadway. She married painter and actor Charles Ellis.

[Wikipedia: His Chance in Life] "His Chance in Life" is a short story by Rudyard Kipling. It was first published in the first Indian edition of "Plain Tales from the Hills" (1888), and in subsequent editions of that collection. The story is illuminating about Kipling's attitudes to race, which are less cut-and-dried than is often thought. Kipling is interesting, if not very detailed, on people of mixed race and the snobberies involved. (For some detail, see the Kipling Society notes.)

[Wikipedia: NWA World Historic Welterweight Championship] The NWA World Historic Welterweight Championship ("Campeonato Mundial Historico de Peso Welter de la NWA" in Spanish) is a professional wrestling championship governed by Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL). CMLL had held the NWA World Welterweight Championship for over 53 years even after leaving the NWA in 1989. In 2010 the National Wrestling Alliance, represented by Blue Demon Jr., the president of NWA Mexico, sent letters to CMLL telling them to stop promoting NWA-branded championships since CMLL was not part of the NWA any longer. On August 12, 2010, CMLL debuted the new NWA World Historic Welterweight Championship belt and named Mephisto, the final CMLL-recognized NWA World Welterweight Champion, as the inaugural champion. The championship was initially announced as the CMLL Historic Welterweight Championship, but when the belt was unveiled, it was labelled the "NWA World Historic Welterweight Championship".

[Wikipedia: This Is Elvis] This Is Elvis is a 1981 documentary film written and directed by Andrew Solt and Malcolm Leo, based on the life of Elvis Presley. It combined archival footage with reenactments, and voice-over narration by pop singer Ral Donner, imitating Presley's speaking voice. It was screened out of competition at the 1981 Cannes Film Festival. The film grossed $2 million at the box office in the U.S. and Canada, ranking #92 for 1981.

[Wikipedia: On Broadway: Act One – October 28th, 1987] On Broadway: Act One – October 28th, 1987 is a three-CD live album by the Jerry Garcia Band and the Jerry Garcia Acoustic Band, two music groups led by Grateful Dead guitarist and singer Jerry Garcia. It contains three complete sets of music, recorded at the Lunt-Fontanne Theatre in New York City on October 28, 1987. It was released by ATO Records on June 23, 2015.

[Wikipedia: T-Bolan] T-Bolan was a Japanese rock band which debuted in 1991. Its members were vocal Arashi Moritomo, drummer Kazuyoshi Aoki, guitarist Takeshi Gomi, and bassist Hirofumi Ueno. The name of this band was inspired by T. Rex and its vocalist Marc Bolan.

[Wikipedia: Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded – The Re-Up] Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded – The Re-Up is the reissue of Trinidadian rapper Nicki Minaj's second studio album "" (2012). It was released on November 19, 2012, by Young Money, Cash Money, and Republic Records. Released seven months after the original, "The Re-Up" features seven newly recorded songs and an exclusive behind-the-scenes footage DVD. The new material incorporates hip hop and R&B styles. As co-executive producer, Minaj enlisted collaborators Boi-1da, Juicy J and T-Minus.

[Wikipedia: Liliuokalani] Liliʻuokalani (] ; born Lydia Liliʻu Loloku Walania Wewehi Kamakaʻeha; September 2, 1838 – November 11, 1917), was the last monarch of the Kingdom of Hawaii, ruling from January 29, 1891 until the overthrow of the Kingdom of Hawaii on January 17, 1893. The composer of "Aloha ʻOe" and numerous other works, she authored her biography during her imprisonment following the overthow.

[Wikipedia: Hamid Karzai] Hamid Karzai (Pashto/Dari: ‎ ‎ حامد کرزی; born 24 December 1957) served as President of Afghanistan for almost ten years, from 7 December 2004 to 29 September 2014. He comes from a politically active family; Karzai's father, uncle and grandfather were all active in Afghan politics and government. Karzai and his father before him, Abdul Ahad Karzai, were each head of the Popalzai tribe of the Durrani tribal confederation.

[Wikipedia: John Frawley (tennis)] John Frawley (born 4 July 1965 in Redcliffe) is an Australian retired tennis player. He reached a career-high singles ranking of World No. 35 in January 1988.

[Wikipedia: Rab C. Nesbitt] Rab C. Nesbitt is a Scottish comedy series which began in 1988. Produced by BBC Scotland, it stars Gregor Fisher as an alcoholic Glaswegian who seeks unemployment as a lifestyle choice. Rab C. Nesbitt was originally a recurring character in the BBC Two Scotland sketch series "Naked Video" (1986–1990).

[Wikipedia: List of recently extinct plants] As of September 2016, the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) lists 116 extinct species, 132 possibly extinct species, 35 extinct in the wild species, 13 possibly extinct in the wild species, five extinct subspecies, one extinct in the wild subspecies, and four extinct varieties of plant.

[Wikipedia: BBC Films] BBC Films is the feature film-making arm of the BBC. It was founded on 18 June 1990, and has produced or co-produced some of the most successful British films of recent years, including "Truly, Madly, Deeply", "", "Quartet", "Chef", "Salmon Fishing in the Yemen", "Saving Mr. Banks", "My Week with Marilyn", "Jane Eyre," "In the Loop", "An Education", "StreetDance 3D", "Fish Tank", "Nativity!, Iris, Notes on a Scandal, Man Up, Billy Elliot and Brooklyn."

[Wikipedia: 2015 Old Dominion Monarchs football team] The 2015 Old Dominion Monarchs football team represented Old Dominion University in the 2015 NCAA Division I FBS football season. They were led by seventh-year head coach Bobby Wilder and played their home games at Foreman Field at S. B. Ballard Stadium in Norfolk, Virginia. They were members of the East Division of Conference USA. 2015 was the first year Old Dominion was a full member of the NCAA Division I Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS) and eligible for postseason play. They finished the season 5–7, 3–5 in C-USA play to finish in a three-way tie for fourth place in the East Division.

[Wikipedia: Lake Washington steamboats and ferries] Lake Washington steamboats and ferries operated from about 1875 to 1951, transporting passengers, vehicles and freight across Lake Washington, a large lake to the east of Seattle, Washington. Before modern highways and bridges were built, the only means of crossing the lake, other than the traditional canoe, was by steamboat, and, later, by ferry. While there was no easily navigable connection to Puget Sound, the Lake Washington Ship Canal now connects Lake Washington to Lake Union, and from there Puget Sound is reached by way of the Hiram M. Chittenden Locks.

[Wikipedia: Swedish governmental line of succession] The Swedish constitution of 1974 allows the Prime Minister of Sweden to appoint one of the Ministers in the cabinet as Deputy Prime Minister ("biträdande statsminister", also unofficially known as "vice statsminister", "Vice Prime Minister"), in case the Prime Minister for some reason is prevented from performing his or her duties. However, if a Deputy Prime Minister has not been appointed, the Minister in the cabinet who has served the longest time (and if there are several with equal experience the one who is oldest) takes over as head of government. Note that the person acting as Prime Minister does not do so on a permanent basis: if a Prime Minister dies, resigns or loses a vote of confidence in the Riksdag, the Speaker of the Riksdag will then confer with the parties of the Riksdag and propose a new Prime Minister, who must be tolerated by a majority of the Riksdag. If the Prime Minister has resigned or lost a vote of confidence, he or she will remain the head of a government "ad interim" until the new Prime Minister assumes his or her office. The only case where the governmental line of succession becomes relevant is when the Prime Minister dies (upon which the person next in the line of succession serves as the head of a government "ad interim") or when the Prime Minister is on leave or for any other reason incapable of serving, but still remains in office. This might be compared to the Presidential line of succession in the United States, where the person next in line assumes the Presidency throughout the remainder of the term if the President dies, resigns or is impeached.

[Wikipedia: A&amp;W Restaurants] A&W Restaurants, Inc. is a chain of fast-food restaurants distinguished by its draft root beer and root beer floats. Its origins date back to when Roy W. Allen opened a walk-up root beer stand in Lodi, California, in 1919. Allen's employee Frank Wright partnered with him and founded the first A&W restaurant in Sacramento, California, in 1923. The company name was taken respectively from the initials of their last names—Allen and Wright. The company became famous in the United States for its "frosty mugs," where the mugs would be kept in the freezer and eventually get filled with A&W Root Beer before they are served to customers.

[Wikipedia: So Sad] "So Sad" is a song by English musician George Harrison that was released on his 1974 album "Dark Horse". Harrison originally recorded the song for his previous album, "Living in the Material World", before giving it to Alvin Lee, the guitarist and singer with Ten Years After. Lee recorded it – as "So Sad (No Love of His Own)" – with gospel singer Mylon LeFevre for their 1973 album "On the Road to Freedom". The latter recording includes contributions from Harrison and marked the first of many collaborations between him and Lee.

[Wikipedia: Mary Poppins Opens the Door] Mary Poppins Opens the Door is a British children's fantasy novel by the Australian-British writer P.L. Travers, the third book and last novel in the "Mary Poppins" series that features the magical English nanny Mary Poppins. It was published in 1943 by Harcourt, Brace & World, Inc and illustrated by Mary Shepard and Agnes Sims.

[Wikipedia: Alexander Serov] Alexander Nikolayevich Serov (Russian: Алекса́ндр Никола́евич Серо́в , Saint Petersburg, 23 January [O.S. 11 January] 1820 – Saint Petersburg, 1 February [O.S. 20 January] 1871 ) was a Russian composer and music critic. He is notable as one of the most important music critics in Russia during the 1850s and 1860s and as the most significant Russian composer in the period between Dargomyzhsky's "Rusalka" and the works of Rimsky-Korsakov, Mussorgsky, and Tchaikovsky.

[Wikipedia: Total (group)] Total is an American contemporary R&B girl group and one of the signature acts of Sean Combs' Bad Boy Records imprint during the 1990s. The group consisted of members Kima Raynor, Keisha Spivey, and Pamela Long. Total is best known for their hits "What You Want" (Featuring Mase), "Kissing You", "Can't You See" (featuring The Notorious B.I.G.), and "What About Us?" and "Trippin'", both featuring Missy Elliott. Long was also featured on The Notorious B.I.G.'s hit song "Hypnotize", singing the chorus.

[Wikipedia: City Palace, Jaipur] City Palace, Jaipur, which includes the Chandra Mahal and Mubarak Mahal palaces and other buildings, is a palace complex in Jaipur, the capital of the Rajasthan state, India. It was the seat of the Maharaja of Jaipur, the head of the Kachwaha Rajput clan. The Chandra Mahal palace now houses a museum, but the greatest part of it is still a royal residence. The palace complex, located northeast of the centre of the grid-patterned Jaipur city, incorporates an impressive and vast array of courtyards, gardens and buildings. The palace was built between 1729 and 1732, initially by Sawai Jai Singh II, the ruler of Amber. He planned and built the outer walls, and later additions were made by successive rulers continuing up to the 20th century. The credit for the urban layout of the city and its structures is attributed to two architects namely, Vidyadhar Bhattacharya, the chief architect in the royal court and Sir Samuel Swinton Jacob, apart from the Sawai himself who was a keen architectural enthusiast. The architects achieved a fusion of the Shilpa Shastra of Indian architecture with Rajput, Mughal and European styles of architecture.

[Wikipedia: The Future of the Race] The Future of the Race is a 1996 book by prominent African-American scholars Henry Louis Gates and Cornel West. It is both commentary and criticism on W. E. B. Du Bois' essay "The Talented Tenth" . The Vintage Books edition includes the original text by Du Bois.

[Wikipedia: The Low End Theory] The Low End Theory is the second album by American hip hop group A Tribe Called Quest. Released on September 24, 1991 through Jive Records, the album produced three singles: "Check the Rhime", "Jazz (We've Got)", and "Scenario". Initially, the album garnered only minor commercial success, peaking at #45 on the "Billboard" 200, though it was later certified platinum on February 1, 1995 by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). Regarded as one of the greatest hip hop albums of all time by critics, "The Low End Theory" was very influential to alternative hip hop and was praised for its conscious lyricism and production, which bridged the gap between jazz and hip hop.

[Wikipedia: HappyHolograms] "#HappyHolograms" is the tenth and final episode in the eighteenth season of the American animated television series "South Park". The 257th episode overall, it was written and directed by series co-creator and co-star Trey Parker. The episode premiered on Comedy Central in the United States on December 10 2014. It is the second part of the two-part season finale which began with the previous episode, "#REHASH". The episode makes multiple references to earlier episodes over the season, as well as to previous seasons, while mainly lampooning the trend of culture constantly making trending topics with no actual relevance. It also lampoons news events such as the death of Eric Garner, the shooting of Michael Brown, the sexual assault allegations against Bill Cosby, and the use of celebrity holograms. YouTube celebrity PewDiePie appeared as himself, continuing his story line from the previous episode.

[Wikipedia: United Nations Security Council Resolution 813] United Nations Security Council Resolution 813, adopted unanimously on 26 March 1993, after reaffirming Resolution 788 (1992) and determining that the situation in Liberia constituted a threat to international peace and security, the Council condemned the failure of the parties in the country – the Armed Forces of Liberia, ULIMO, National Patriotic Front of Liberia and Independent National Patriotic Front of Liberia among others, to implement the Yamoussoukro IV Accord.

[Wikipedia: Deyvid Sacconi] Deyvid Franck Silva Sacconi or simply Deyvid Sacconi (born April 10, 1987 in Alfenas), is a Brazilian attacking midfielder who plays for São Caetano in the Paulista A2. Due to his Italian ancestry he holds an Italian passport.

[Wikipedia: Lewes Arms controversy] The Lewes Arms controversy involved a dispute between the Greene King Brewery and the regulars of the Lewes Arms pub in Lewes, East Sussex, England from 2006 to April 2007, when the brewery withdrew from sale a local beer.

[Wikipedia: Good Times (newspaper)] Good Times is a free-circulation weekly newspaper based in Santa Cruz, California. "Good Times" is distributed in Santa Cruz County, a coastal area that includes Capitola, Rio del Mar, Aptos and Watsonville. It is owned by the Northern California-based Metro Newspapers. Dan Pulcrano is the CEO and executive editor.

[Wikipedia: Bibliography of Andrew Johnson] This bibliography of Andrew Johnson is a comprehensive list of written and published works about or by Andrew Johnson, 17th President of the United States.

[Wikipedia: Thomas Willett] Thomas Willett (1605 – August 29, 1674) was a British merchant, Plymouth Colony trader and sea-captain, Commissioner of New Netherland, magistrate of Plymouth Colony, Captain of the Plymouth Colony militia and was the 1st and 3rd Mayor of New York City, prior to the consolidation of the five boroughs into the City of New York in 1898.

[Wikipedia: Ticonderoga, New York] Ticonderoga is a town in Essex County, New York, United States. The population was 5,042 at the 2010 census. The name comes from the Mohawk "tekontaró:ken", meaning "it is at the junction of two waterways".

[Wikipedia: The Oaks (Thousand Oaks, California)] The Oaks Shopping Center is a two-level indoor/outdoor, super-regional shopping mall located in Thousand Oaks, California. It is owned and managed by Macerich. Accessible from the US Highway 101 Ventura Freeway midway between downtown Los Angeles and Santa Barbara, it is one of two malls in its area (competing with the Simi Valley Town Center) and the largest shopping center in Ventura County. The 1300000 sqft mall was originally built in 1978 and was renovated in 1993. Starting in February 2007, the center has undergone an extensive upgrade including interior finishes, restrooms, entrance canopies and skylights to reflect a modern Spanish and Santa Barbara-influenced design. The expansion includes a demolition of the then-vacated Broadway building and a Muvico 14-screen stadium seat theater and Bogarts, a full-service restaurant, built in its place. Additional features include a 10-unit Spanish Dining Hall and amenities like family restrooms with granite, stacked flagstone and limestone tile. Centered on the theatre are four sit-down restaurants: Lazy Dog Cafe and Red Robin, which are both connected to a 112330 sqft retail expansion in an outdoor environment, while Olive Garden and Red Lobster are located across the parking lot. The Cheesecake Factory is located inside the Shopping Center with patio dining available.

[Wikipedia: Manhattan Community Board 6] Manhattan Community Board 6 is a New York City community board, part of the local government apparatus of the city, with responsibility for the East Side of Manhattan from 14th Street to 59th Street. This includes the neighborhoods of Gramercy Park, Stuyvesant Town, Peter Cooper Village, Waterside Plaza, Murray Hill, Kips Bay, Turtle Bay, Tudor City, and Sutton Place. The eastern and western borders are the East River and Lexington Avenue, except between 34th Street and 40th Street, where the area extends west to Madison Avenue, and between 20th Street and 22nd Street where it extends west to Park Avenue South.

[Wikipedia: Ozone Journal] Ozone Journal is a 2016 Pulitzer Prize winning work by Peter Balakian.

[Wikipedia: Congressional office buildings] The congressional office buildings are the office buildings used by the United States Congress to augment the limited space in the United States Capitol. The congressional office buildings are part of the Capitol Complex are thus under the authority of the Architect of the Capitol and protected by the United States Capitol Police. The office buildings house the individual offices of each U.S. Representative and Senator as well as committee hearing rooms, staff rooms, multiple cafeterias, and areas for support, committee, and maintenance staff. The congressional office buildings are connected to the Capitol by means of several underground trains–the Capitol Subway System. Congressional pages are responsible for carrying packages and messages from the two chambers to the buildings.

[Wikipedia: Alessandro Scarlatti] Pietro Alessandro Gaspare Scarlatti (2 May 1660 – 22 October 1725) was an Italian Baroque composer, especially famous for his operas and chamber cantatas. He is considered the founder of the Neapolitan school of opera. He was the father of two other composers, Domenico Scarlatti and Pietro Filippo Scarlatti.

[Wikipedia: Ohio State Route 78] State Route 78 (SR 78) is a state highway that runs for 105 miles (169 km) from Nelsonville to Clarington in the U.S. state of Ohio. "Car and Driver" has called it one of the most scenic highways nationwide. The stretch of this highway that runs along the south side of Burr Oak State Park in Morgan County, Ohio, is well known for its extreme curves and views, and is sometimes locally referred to as the "Rim of the World." Much of this highway runs through old coal-producing areas.

[Wikipedia: Brian Garfield] Brian Francis Wynne Garfield (born January 26, 1939) is an American novelist and screenwriter. He wrote his first published book at the age of eighteen and wrote several novels under such pen names as "Frank Wynne" and "'Brian Wynne" before gaining prominence when his book "Hopscotch" (1975) won the 1976 Edgar Award for Best Novel. He is best known for his 1972 novel "Death Wish", which was adapted for the 1974 film of the same title, followed by four sequels, and an upcoming remake. His follow-up 1975 sequel to "Death Wish", "Death Sentence", was very loosely adapted into the 2007 film of the same name; it had an entirely different storyline, but with the novel's same look on vigilantism. Garfield is also the author of "The Thousand-Mile War: World War II in Alaska and the Aleutians", which was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize for History. Garfield's latest book, published in 2007, is "Meinertzhagen", the biography of controversial British intelligence officer Richard Meinertzhagen.

[Wikipedia: SeaQuest DSV] SeaQuest DSV (stylized as seaQuest DSV and also promoted as simply seaQuest) is an American science fiction television series created by Rockne S. O'Bannon. It originally aired on NBC between 1993 and 1996. In its final season, it was renamed seaQuest 2032. Set in "the near future"—originally the year 2018 in the first season—"seaQuest DSV" originally mixed high drama with realistic scientific fiction. It originally starred film star Roy Scheider as Captain Nathan Bridger, designer and commander of the eponymous naval submarine "seaQuest" DSV 4600. Jonathan Brandis also starred as Lucas Wolenczak, a teenaged computer genius placed aboard "seaQuest" by his father and Stephanie Beacham as Kristin Westphalen, the chief medical officer and head of the "seaQuest" science department. In the third season, Michael Ironside replaced Scheider as lead of the series and starred as Captain Oliver Hudson. Also present was a dolphin character called Darwin who, due to technological advances, was able to communicate with the crew. Steven Spielberg expressed interest in the project and served as one of the show's executive producers during the first two seasons.

[Wikipedia: Homero Cárdenas Guillén] Homero Enrique Cárdenas Guillén (13 March 1966 – allegedly died on 28 March 2014), also known by his aliases El Majadero and El Orejón, was a Mexican suspected drug lord and alleged leader of the Gulf Cartel, a drug trafficking organization. He is the brother of the former Gulf Cartel leaders Antonio, Mario, and Osiel Cárdenas Guillen. During the late 1990s, Homero worked for the Gulf Cartel under the tutelage of his brothers. However, after several years of government crackdowns, the Gulf Cartel suffered severe drawbacks, including the death and arrests of Homero's brothers and allies. In August 2013, Homero became the de facto leader of the Gulf Cartel following the arrest of Mario Ramírez Treviño. However, he reportedly died of a heart attack on 28 March 2014.

[Wikipedia: Peter Guzelj] Peter Guzelj (born April 20, 1949 in Ljubljana) is a Yugoslav retired slalom canoeist who competed in the 1970s. He finished sixth in the C-2 event at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich.

[Wikipedia: Appenzeller cheese] Appenzeller cheese is a hard cow's-milk cheese produced in the Appenzell region of northeast Switzerland. A herbal brine, sometimes incorporating wine or cider, is applied to the wheels of cheese while they cure, which flavors and preserves the cheese while promoting the formation of a rind.

[Wikipedia: Barnes v. Yahoo!, Inc.] Barnes v. Yahoo!, Inc., 570 F. 3d 1096 (D. Or. Nov. 8, 2005), is a United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit case in which the Ninth Circuit held that Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act (CDA) rules that Yahoo!, Inc., as an Internet service provider cannot be held responsible for failure to remove objectionable content posted to their website by a third party. Plaintiff Cecilia Barnes made claims arising out of Defendant Yahoo!, Inc.'s alleged failure to honor promises to remove offensive content about the plaintiff posted by a third party. The content consisted of a personal profile with nude photos of the Plaintiff and her contact information. The United States District Court for the District of Oregon had dismissed Barnes' complaint.

[Wikipedia: Charles Hamilton (rapper)] Charles Eddie-Lee Hamilton, Jr. (born November 10, 1987), is an American hip hop recording artist and record producer from Harlem, New York City, New York. In addition to his solo career, he is a former member of The Chosen Few, and is also a former member of the All City Chess Club. Intent on pursuing a solo career as a rapper, Hamilton would sign to independent record label Demevolist Music Group. In 2008, Hamilton would release a series of mixtapes entitled "The Hamiltonization Process", and on December 8, 2008 Hamilton would independently release his debut album entitled "The Pink Lavalamp".

[Wikipedia: The Bridgeheads] The Bridgeheads was a London-based alternative band, formed in 2007, originating from Slovakia, although they described themselves as "expressionism". The band decided to stop after the singer, Tomas dAsK, died on 27 September 2010. The line up consisted of Tomas (vocals, guitar, piano, songwriting), Jozef Lemee (guitar, piano) and Michal Wisp (drums). The line-up did not include a bass guitar - this was replaced by dAsK’s specific octave guitar played without the B-string.

[Wikipedia: Karakoram] The Karakoram, or Karakorum is a large mountain range spanning the borders of Pakistan, India, and China, with the northwest extremity of the range extending to Afghanistan and Tajikistan. It is located in the regions of Gilgit–Baltistan (Pakistan), Ladakh (India), and southern Xinjiang (China), and reaches the Wakhan Corridor (Afghanistan). A part of the complex of ranges from the Hindu Kush to the Himalayan Range, it is one of the Greater Ranges of Asia. The Karakoram is home to the four most closely located peaks over 8000m in height on earth: K2, the second highest peak in the world at 8611 m , Gasherbrum I, Broad Peak and Gasherbrum II.

[Wikipedia: Meri Ladli] Meri Ladli (Urdu: میری لاڈلی‎ ) was 2012 Pakistani romantic drama serial, directed by Nadeem Siddique, written by Maha Malik and produced by A & B Entertainment. The drama aired on ARY Digital and has gained a large following globally and is critically acclaimed. It was received as one of the most watched TV serial with the highest TRP at that time.

[Wikipedia: Omarion] Omari Ishmael Grandberry (born November 12, 1984, known by his stage name Omarion) is an American singer, songwriter, rapper, actor and dancer. He is best known as being the lead singer of the American R&B boy band B2K; the group achieved success with singles like "Bump, Bump, Bump", "Uh Huh", and "Girlfriend", which all reached success on the "Billboard" Hot 100. After the group's disbandment, Omarion released his debut solo album, "O" (2005), which debuted atop the "Billboard" 200 and received a Grammy Award nomination for Best Contemporary R&B Album at the 48th Grammy Awards. His second solo album, "21" (2006), contained his second highest-charting single to date, "Ice Box", which reached the top 20 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. His third solo album, "Ollusion" (2010), was released on January 12, 2010, with the lead single, "I Get It In". His fourth solo album, "Sex Playlist" (2014), spawned the single, "Post to Be", which was certified 3x platinum and reached number 13 on the Hot 100 chart in May 2015, and became his highest charting single to date.

[Wikipedia: Great Egg Harbor Bridge] The Great Egg Harbor Bridge is a toll bridge along the Garden State Parkway in New Jersey, with tolls collected in the southbound direction. It crosses the Great Egg Harbor Bay, connecting Upper Township, in Cape May County to Somers Point in Atlantic County. The bridge crosses over a section of Egg Harbor Township. It carries a portion of the Garden State Parkway and U.S. Route 9.

[Wikipedia: Bjørn Helge Riise] Bjørn Helge Semundseth Riise (born 21 June 1983 in Ålesund) is a Norwegian professional footballer. He currently plays for Aalesund. Riise plays either a central midfielder or a right winger, and has earned 35 international caps for Norway. He played for Fulham of the Premier League from July 2009 to August 2012. He is the younger brother of former Liverpool and Fulham player John Arne Riise, also a Norwegian international.

[Wikipedia: Middlesbrough] Middlesbrough ( ) is a large industrial town on the south bank of the River Tees in North Yorkshire, north-east England, founded in 1830. The local council, a unitary authority, is Middlesbrough Borough Council. The 2011 Census recorded the borough's total resident population as 138,400 and the wider urban settlement with a population of 174,700 technically making Middlesbrough the largest urban subdivsion in the ceremonial county of North Yorkshire. Middlesbrough is part of the larger built-up area of Teesside which had an overall population of 376,333 at the 2011 Census.

[Wikipedia: Vincenzo Bellini] Vincenzo Salvatore Carmelo Francesco Bellini (] ; 3 November 1801 – 23 September 1835) was an Italian opera composer, who was known for his long-flowing melodic lines for which he was named "the Swan of Catania".

[Wikipedia: Harrisonburg, Virginia] Harrisonburg is an independent city in the Shenandoah Valley region of the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 48,914, with a census-estimated 2016 population of 53,078. Harrisonburg is the county seat of the surrounding Rockingham County, although the two are separate jurisdictions. The Bureau of Economic Analysis combines the city of Harrisonburg with Rockingham County for statistical purposes into the Harrisonburg, Virginia Metropolitan Statistical Area, which has a 2011 estimated population of 126,562.

[Wikipedia: Coastwatchers] The Coastwatchers, also known as the Coast Watch Organisation, Combined Field Intelligence Service or Section C, Allied Intelligence Bureau, were Allied military intelligence operatives stationed on remote Pacific islands during World War II to observe enemy movements and rescue stranded Allied personnel. They played a significant role in the Pacific Ocean theatre and South West Pacific theatre, particularly as an early warning network during the Guadalcanal campaign.

[Wikipedia: Edmund Leach] Sir Edmund Ronald Leach (7 November 1910 – 6 January 1989) was a British social anthropologist.

[Wikipedia: The Dark at the Top of the Stairs (film)] The Dark at the Top of the Stairs is a 1960 American drama film. Academy Award winner Delbert Mann directed the work of Robert Preston and Dorothy McGuire in the production. Shirley Knight garnered an Oscar nomination for Best Supporting Actress, and Lee Kinsolving was nominated for a Golden Globe Award as Best Supporting Actor. Knight was also nominated for two Golden Globes. Mann's direction was nominated for a Directors Guild of America Award for Outstanding Directing in a Feature Film. It was based on the Tony Award nominated play of the same name by William Inge.

[Wikipedia: Francis J. Pordum] Francis J. Pordum (born December 4, 1945) is a Democrat US politician from Lake View, New York. He served as a New York State Assemblyman and represented the 1st District in the Erie County Legislature from 1980 to 1982.

[Wikipedia: Romeo and Juliet (1954 film)] Romeo and Juliet is a 1954 film adaptation of William Shakespeare's play of the same name. It was directed by Renato Castellani and stars Laurence Harvey as Romeo, Susan Shentall as Juliet, Flora Robson as the Nurse, Mervyn Johns as Friar Laurence, Bill Travers as Benvolio, Sebastian Cabot as Lord Capulet, Ubaldo Zollo as Mercutio, Enzo Fiermonte as Tybalt and John Gielgud as the Chorus.

[Wikipedia: West Branch Moose River (Maine)] The West Branch Moose River is a short tributary of the South Branch Moose River in Franklin County, Maine. Its source ( ) is on Caribou Mountain in Merrill Strip (Maine Township 2, Range 7, WBKP), about 2000 ft from the Canada–United States border, which runs along the height of land between the watersheds of the Kennebec River in Maine and the Chaudière River in Quebec. From there, the river runs 5.9 mi northeast to its confluence with the Moose River's South Branch in Skinner (T1, R7, WBKP).

[Wikipedia: Robert Oberst] Robert Oberst (born December 20, 1984) is an American professional strongman who was awarded his "Pro Card" at the 2012 Dallas Europa Amateur Strongman Competition. He is a yearly competitor of the World's Strongest Man including the 2013 World's Strongest Man, 2014 World's Strongest Man, 2015 World's Strongest Man and the 2016 World's Strongest Man competitions.

[Wikipedia: Thanasis Lightbridge] Thanasis Lightbridge was born in Thessaloniki, Greece, in 1978. He is a Greek keyboard player/composer best known as the founder of electronica art metal band Dol Ammad and independent record label Electronicartmetal Records. He is also in the band Dol Theeta and currently resides in Thessaloniki, Greece where he maintains a recording studio named "Cosmos". The e-zine Lords of Metal describes Lightbridge as the "Luke Skywalker of metal."

[Wikipedia: Where We Belong (Lostprophets song)] "Where We Belong" is the second single from the album "The Betrayed", the fourth studio album by Welsh alternative rock band Lostprophets. It was released on 4 January 2010. Vocalist Ian Watkins commented to "Kerrang!": "Where We Belong might sound really happy and catchy, but if you really listen to the lyrics I could be saying that we belong in hell." The single reached No. 32 on the Official UK top 40 on 10 January 2010. The track was described by the band as their "love letter to being home," having written the song after returning to their native Wales after recording in Los Angeles.

[Wikipedia: The Manitou] The Manitou is a 1978 American horror film produced and directed by William Girdler. It stars Tony Curtis, Michael Ansara and Susan Strasberg. It was based on the 1976 novel by Graham Masterton, which was inspired by an old legend about the American Indian Manitou spiritual concept.

[Wikipedia: Mob Rule] Mob Rule (also known as Constructor: Street Wars and Street Wars: Constructor Underworld) is a real-time strategy video game for PC released in 1999 by Simon & Schuster and Studio 3. It is the successor to the 1997 video game "Constructor". The goal of the game is to construct buildings and fight enemy teams in a Mafia-themed background.

[Wikipedia: Cannabis Cup] The "High Times" Cannabis Cup is the world’s foremost cannabis festival. Founded in 1988 by Steven Hager, the "High Times" Cannabis Cup is held each November in Amsterdam. The event allows judges from around the world to sample and vote for their favorite marijuana varieties. These judges-at-large decide the Cannabis Cup (overall winner in the cannabis variety competition), best new product, best booth, best glass, best hash and best Nederhash. A team of VIP judges decides which seed company has grown the best "indica", "sativa" and hybrid strain and which company has produced the best Neder hash (hashish that is produced only in the Netherlands) and best imported hash. The "High Times" Cannabis Cup also includes live music, educational seminars and an expo for marijuana-related products from cannabis-oriented businesses.

[Wikipedia: Scott Gregory] Scott Chase Gregory (born July 31, 1959 in Auburn, New York) is an American former competitive ice dancer. He competed at the 1984 Winter Olympics with Elisa Spitz. He then paired with Suzanne Semanick, with whom he won the gold medal at the U.S. Figure Skating Championships twice and competed at the Olympics in 1988. He retired from skating that year due to back injuries.

[Wikipedia: Neil Bush] Neil Mallon Pierce Bush (born January 22, 1955) is an American businessman and investor. He is the fourth of six children of former President George H. W. Bush and Barbara Bush (née Pierce). His five siblings are George W. Bush, the 43rd President of the United States; Jeb Bush, a former governor of Florida; Robin Bush, who died of leukemia at the age of three; Marvin; and Dorothy. Neil Bush is currently a businessman based in Texas.

[Wikipedia: Ascension night heron] The Ascension night heron ("Nycticorax olsoni") is an extinct night heron species from the genus "Nycticorax" endemic to the South Atlantic island of Ascension. It is predominantly known from the bone fragments of six specimens found in guano deposits and caves on Ascension Island and described by Philip Ashmole, Kenneth Edwin Laurence Ryder Simmons, and William Richmond Postle Bourne in 2003.

[Wikipedia: Kevin Magee (executive)] Kevin Magee is an American television executive with MSNBC, serving as Executive-in-Charge of the morning news show, Morning Joe. He came there from the Fox Business network. He joined the FOX Broadcasting group in 2001. He began his term as Senior Vice Preisent of FOX News Radio in 2005. Chairman of FOX News Programming Council. Prior to Fox, he served as business news executive producer for CNBC from 1997-2001. He also worked for ABC News, as senior programming producer of Good Morning America from 1991-1997.

[Wikipedia: Turbo (South Korean band)] Turbo (Korean: 터보 ) is a popular South Korean duo in the mid to late 1990s. The duo originally consisted of Kim Jong-kook and Kim Jung-nam. In early 1997, Kim Jung-nam left from the group and Kim Jong-kook later continued promotion with new member Mikey. They became one of the biggest stars in the Korean entertainment industry during their active time from 1995 to 2000 and sold millions of albums and records in Asia as a whole. In 2015, they made a comeback as a trio after 15 years with "Again". Title song `again´ led on top of the music charts.

[Wikipedia: Let Me Hold You (Turn Me On)] "Let Me Hold You (Turn Me On)" is a song by American DJs Cheat Codes and Dutch DJ Dante Klein. Released by Spinnin' Records on July 1, 2016, the song is largely a cover of Kevin Lyttle's 2003 hit "Turn Me On", though it does include new lyrics. It is the follow-up to Cheat Codes' internationally successful single "Sex".

[Wikipedia: Yoann Lemoine] Yoann Lemoine (born 16 March 1983) is a French music video director, graphic designer and singer-songwriter. His most notable works include his music video direction for Katy Perry's "Teenage Dream", Taylor Swift's single "Back to December", Lana Del Rey's "Born to Die" and Mystery Jets' "Dreaming of Another World".

[Wikipedia: To Age or Not to Age] To Age or Not to Age is a documentary film directed by Robert Kane Pappas with Steven N. Austad, Ph.D., Rev. Nicanor Pier Giorgio Austriaco, O.P., Ph.D., Nir Barzilai, M.D., Troy Duster, Aubrey de Grey, Leonard P. Guarente, Cynthia Kenyon, Tom Kirkwood, Gordon Lithgow, Ph.D., David Sinclair and Christoph Westphal. The screenwriter was Robert Kane Pappas. The movie was produced by Miriam Foley and Joseph Zock. The film opened at the Village East Cinema in New York City on July 16, 2010.

[Wikipedia: Mike Holmgren] Michael George Holmgren (born June 15, 1948) is a former American football coach and executive, most recently serving as president of the Cleveland Browns of the National Football League (NFL). Holmgren began his NFL career as a quarterbacks' coach and later as an offensive coordinator with the San Francisco 49ers, where they won Super Bowl XXIII and XXIV. He served as the head coach of the Green Bay Packers from 1992 to 1998, appearing in two Super Bowls, and of the Seattle Seahawks from 1999 to 2008. Prior to his career in the NFL, Holmgren coached football at the high school and collegiate levels.

[Wikipedia: Clun Castle] Clun Castle is a ruined castle in the small town of Clun, Shropshire. Clun Castle was established by the Norman lord Robert de Say after the Norman invasion of England and went on to become an important Marcher lord castle in the 12th century, with an extensive castle-guard system. Owned for many years by the Fitzalan family, Clun played a key part in protecting the region from Welsh attack until it was gradually abandoned as a property in favour of the more luxurious Arundel Castle. The Fitzalans converted Clun Castle into a hunting lodge in the 14th century, complete with pleasure gardens, but by the 16th century the castle was largely ruined. Slighted in 1646 after the English Civil War Clun remained in poor condition until renovation work in the 1890s.

[Wikipedia: Bridge of the Gods (modern structure)] The Bridge of the Gods is a steel truss cantilever bridge that spans the Columbia River between Cascade Locks, Oregon, and Washington state near North Bonneville. It is approximately 40 miles (64 kilometers) east of Portland, Oregon, and 4 miles (6.4 km) upriver from the Bonneville Dam. It is a toll bridge operated by the Port of Cascade Locks.

[Wikipedia: Keith Bostic] Keith Bostic is an American Software Engineer and one of the key people in the history of Berkeley Software Distribution UNIX and Open Source software.

[Wikipedia: Kurt Russell] Kurt Vogel Russell (born March 17, 1951) is an American actor. He began acting on television in the western series "The Travels of Jaimie McPheeters" (1963–64). In the late 1960s, he signed a ten-year contract with The Walt Disney Company where, according to Robert Osborne, he became the studio's top star of the 1970s.

[Wikipedia: Chevelle (band)] Chevelle is an American alternative metal band that formed in 1995 in the Chicago suburb of Wildwood, Illinois. The band was originally composed of brothers: Pete Loeffler (lead vocals and guitar), Sam Loeffler (drums and percussion) and Joe Loeffler (bass and backing vocals). When Joe left the band in 2005, Geno Lenardo subbed-in as the bassist until he was replaced by Pete and Sam's brother-in-law, Dean Bernardini.

[Wikipedia: Al McCoy (announcer)] Al McCoy (born April 26, 1933), sometimes nicknamed as The Voice of The Suns, is an American broadcaster and announcer. He has been the radio broadcast announcer for Phoenix Suns of the National Basketball Association (NBA) games since 1972, which makes him the longest tenured broadcaster in the NBA. In his entire tenure he has missed only one game due to illness (December 31, 2005 at the Chicago Bulls). With McCoy returning for the 2016–17 season, he officially marks as the longest tenured NBA broadcaster of all-time, beating out Chick Hearn throughout his tenure with the Los Angeles Lakers.

[Wikipedia: Dickie Peterson] Richard Allan Peterson (September 12, 1946 – October 12, 2009) was an American musician, best known as the bassist and lead singer for Blue Cheer. He also recorded two solo albums: "Child of the Darkness" and "Tramp".

[Wikipedia: Confession of Faith (United Methodist)] The Confession of Faith of the Evangelical United Brethren Church is one of three established Doctrinal Standards of the United Methodist Church, along with the Articles of Religion and the Standard Sermons of John Wesley. The United Methodist Church adopted the Confession of Faith in 1968 when the Methodist Church merged with the Evangelical United Brethren Church to form the United Methodist Church. The Confession of Faith covers much of the same ground as the Articles of Religion, but it is shorter and the language is more contemporary. The Confession of Faith also contains an article on the Judgment and Future State (derived from the Augsburg Confession) which had not been present in the Methodist Articles of Religion.

[Wikipedia: York County School Division] The York County School Division or YCSD is a school division (school district) in York County, Virginia, United States. Currently the superintendent is Victor Shandor, Ed.D. The grading scale for all of the York County School Division is: A 90-100, B 80-89, C 70-79, D 64-79, and an F is a 63 and below. Grades that are .5 away from a new letter grade are rounded up (i.e. a 79.5 is marked as a "B").

[Wikipedia: Charbonneau, Oregon] Charbonneau (also known as the Charbonneau District) is a private planned community within the city limits of Wilsonville in Clackamas County, Oregon, United States. It is on the opposite side the Willamette River from the main area of the city. The development was named for Jean Baptiste Charbonneau, the son of Sacagawea.

[Wikipedia: Anything Goes] Anything Goes is a musical with music and lyrics by Cole Porter. The original book was a collaborative effort by Guy Bolton and P.G. Wodehouse, heavily revised by the team of Howard Lindsay and Russel Crouse. The story concerns madcap antics aboard an ocean liner bound from New York to London. Billy Crocker is a stowaway in love with heiress Hope Harcourt, who is engaged to Lord Evelyn Oakleigh. Nightclub singer Reno Sweeney and Public Enemy #13 Moonface Martin aid Billy in his quest to win Hope. The musical introduced such songs as "Anything Goes", "You're the Top", and "I Get a Kick Out of You."

[Wikipedia: Open adoption] Open adoption is a form of adoption in which the biological and adoptive families have access to varying degrees of each other's personal information and have an option of contact. In Open Adoption, the adoptive parents hold all the rights as the legal parents, yet the individuals of the biological and adoptive families may exercise the option to open the contact in varying forms: from just sending mail and/or photos, to face-to-face visits between birth and adoptive families.

[Wikipedia: Palak Muchhal] Palak Muchhal (born 30 March 1992) is an Indian playback singer. She and her younger brother Palash Muchhal perform stage shows across India and abroad to raise funds for the poor children who need financial assistance for the medical treatment of heart diseases. As of 8 December 2016, she has raised funds through her charity shows which has helped to save lives of 1333 children suffering from heart ailments. Muchhal has made her entry in both Guinness Book of World Records and Limca Book of World Records for great achievements in social work. Her work is also recognised by the Government of India and other public institutions through various awards and honours. Muchhal also performs as a playback singer for Bollywood films, she has rendered her voice in Hindi films such as "Ek Tha Tiger" (2012), "Aashiqui 2" (2013), "Kick" (2014) and "Action Jackson" (2014) "Prem Ratan Dhan Payo" (2015) "" (2016) and Kaabil (2017).

[Wikipedia: Vernon Crawford &quot;Jack&quot; Cooke] Vernon Crawford (Jack) Cooke (December 6, 1936 – December 1, 2009) was a bluegrass music vocalist and instrumentalist, known for playing the guitar and bass with artists such as Bill Monroe and Ralph Stanley and the Clinch Mountain Boys. He was one of nine siblings (four brothers and four sisters) and was a native of Norton, Virginia.

[Wikipedia: Monson Railroad] The Monson Railroad was a narrow gauge railway, which operated between Monson Junction on the Bangor and Aroostook Railroad and Monson, Maine. The primary purpose of this railroad was to serve several slate mines and finishing houses in Monson. According to the Scientific American of May 17, 1890, it was the smallest railroad in the United States.

[Wikipedia: Painkiller (cocktail)] A Painkiller is a rum cocktail trademarked by Pusser's Rum Ltd, their signature drink. It is often associated with Tiki establishments. The Painkiller is a blend of Pusser's rum with 4 parts pineapple juice, 1 part cream of coconut and 1 part orange juice, well shaken and served over the rocks with a generous amount of fresh nutmeg on top. It may be made with either two, three or four ounces of Pusser's dark rum.

[Wikipedia: Someone Great] "Someone Great" is a song by American rock band LCD Soundsystem. It was released in the United Kingdom on October 22, 2007 as the third single from their second studio album, "Sound of Silver". The music video is directed by Doug Aitken. Some of the song's music originally appeared in a section of LCD Soundsystem's 2006 composition "".

[Wikipedia: Broadcast transmitter] A broadcast transmitter refers to an installation used for broadcasting, including radio transmitter or television transmitter equipment, the antenna, and often the location of the broadcasting station.

[Wikipedia: Roosevelt Roads Naval Station] Roosevelt Roads Naval Station is a former United States Navy base in the town of Ceiba, Puerto Rico. The site is run today as José Aponte de la Torre Airport, a public use airport.

[Wikipedia: Four Walls / Paradise Circus] "Four Walls / Paradise Circus" is a collaboration between Massive Attack and Burial, which was first released as a limited vinyl edition on 17 October 2011, with pre-orders from 10 October 2011. The single consists of Burial mixes of Massive Attack's previously unreleased track "Four Walls", and of "Paradise Circus", which was featured in their 2010 album "Heligoland". Both songs featured on the EP contain vocals, and lyrical contributions, by Hope Sandoval of Mazzy Star.

[Wikipedia: Cork City F.C.] Cork City Football Club (Irish: "Cumann Peile Chathair Chorcaí" ) is an Irish association football club based in Cork. The club currently plays in the League of Ireland Premier Division. The club was founded and elected to the League of Ireland in 1984. It was one of the first clubs in Ireland (and the first in Cork) to field a team of professional footballers. With the progression of professionalism at the club, continued development of the Turners Cross stadium and the transition to summer football, the club became one of the biggest and best supported clubs in the country. Between 2008 and 2010 however, the club suffered financial and management issues and entered a period of examinership. While the club's holding company was wound up by the courts, fans were awarded a licence under the name "Cork City FORAS Co-op" and entered a team in the 2010 League of Ireland First Division. The club subsequently re-acquired rights to the name "Cork City Football Club", and were promoted back to the premier division for the 2012 season.

[Wikipedia: Glen Matlock] Glen Matlock (born 27 August 1956) is an English musician best known for being the bass guitarist in the original line-up of the punk rock band the Sex Pistols. He is sometimes credited as a co-author on 10 of the 12 songs on "Never Mind the Bollocks, Here's the Sex Pistols", although he had left the band by the time the record was released and the bass was played by Steve Jones. He also continues to make his own records and tour with various bands, including the Sex Pistols.

[Wikipedia: Bonnie (TV series)] Bonnie (originally titled The Bonnie Hunt Show) is an American CBS television comedy that aired from 1995 to 1996. Bonnie Hunt played Bonnie Kelly, a television reporter who moves from Wisconsin to take a job in Chicago. There she encounters an eclectic group of coworkers. Each episode had parts where Bonnie would interview real people, asking ridiculous questions. These scenes were improvised. The show bore similarities to another series produced by David Letterman, "Welcome to New York".

[Wikipedia: Parma Airport] Parma Airport (Italian: "Aeroporto di Parma" , IATA: PMF, ICAO: LIMP ) is located 1.3 NM northwest of Parma, a city in the Emilia-Romagna region of Italy. The airport was opened on 5 May 1991. It is also known as Giuseppe Verdi Airport or Parma "Giuseppe Verdi" Airport, named after Giuseppe Verdi.

[Wikipedia: 132d Air Refueling Squadron] The 132d Air Refueling Squadron (132 ARS) is a unit of the Maine Air National Guard 101st Air Refueling Wing located at Bangor Air National Guard Base, Bangor, Maine. The 132d is equipped with the KC-135R Stratotanker.

[Wikipedia: Lac La Belle and Calumet Railroad] The Lac La Belle and Calumet Railroad was an American, narrow gauge railroad that operated in the Keweenaw Peninsula, or the extreme northern Upper Peninsula of Michigan. The line ran between a stamp mill at Lac La Belle and two copper mines, the Mendota and the Delaware, from 1883 to 1888, when poor economic conditions forced the line's closure. The defunct company and its tracks were later purchased by the Copper Range Company, which converted the line to standard gauge and changed the railroad's name to the Keweenaw Central. This company failed in 1917, and the former Lac La Belle and Calumet tracks were removed in 1918.

[Wikipedia: Miami metropolitan area] The Miami metropolitan area, also known as the Greater Miami Area or South Florida, is the 67th largest metropolitan area in the world and the eighth-largest metropolitan area in the United States. It is entirely located in the southern portion of the U.S. state of Florida. With 6,066,387 inhabitants as of 2016, the Miami metropolitan area is the most populous in Florida and second largest in the Southeastern United States.

[Wikipedia: Barbara Albert] Barbara Albert (born 1970 in Vienna) is an Austrian writer, film-producer and film-director.

[Wikipedia: The Troubles in Jordanstown] The Troubles in Jordanstown recounts incidents during, and the effects of, The Troubles in Jordanstown, Newtownabbey, County Antrim, Northern Ireland.

[Wikipedia: Consider Yourself] "Consider Yourself" is a song from the 1960s original West End and Broadway musical "Oliver!" and the 1968 film of the same name. It was introduced on Broadway by Davy Jones and the ensemble. In the 1968 film version, it is performed in the market and led by Jack Wild's Artful Dodger. In all versions, Dodger sings it when he first meets Oliver, after offering to get the destitute and alone boy food and lodging. Lyrically, it is an enthusiastic gift of friendship from Dodger and his as-yet-unseen gang to Oliver, assuring him warmly he can consider himself "our mate" and "one of the family" as "it's clear we're going to get along". The 1968 film builds it to a spectacular extended song-and-dance routine involving the street crowd, market workers, policemen and chimney sweep boys.

[Wikipedia: Dashboard (song)] "Dashboard" is a song by American indie rock band Modest Mouse and is the second track on their 2007 album "We Were Dead Before the Ship Even Sank". The song was released as the first single from that album and peaked at #5 on "Billboard's" Modern Rock Tracks chart. It debuted and peaked at #61 in the "Billboard" Hot 100 in early February 2007. In late May 2007, the song was released as a single in the United Kingdom with "King Rat" as the B-side. This single coincided with the band's UK tour. This song was #87 on "Rolling Stone"' s list of the 100 Best Songs of 2007.

[Wikipedia: Danke Schoen] "Danke Schoen" is a 1962 song first recorded by Bert Kaempfert. It gained its fame in 1963 when American singer Wayne Newton recorded his version of it. It regained fame when it was featured in the 1986 American comedy film "Ferris Bueller's Day Off", lip synced by the main character, Ferris Bueller (Matthew Broderick). The music was composed by Bert Kaempfert, with the German lyrics written by Kurt Schwabach and the English lyrics by Milt Gabler. The melody was originally released without lyrics under the title "Candlelight Cafe".

[Wikipedia: Glacier Ridge] Glacier Ridge ( ) is a broad north–south ridge, 4.5 nmi long and 0.8 nmi wide, on the southern slopes of Mount Erebus, Ross Island, Antarctica. Completely ice-covered, the ridge descends from about 2200 m to 600 m , terminating 2.1 nmi northwest of Tyree Head. In association with the names of expedition ships grouped on this island, it was named after the USCGC "Glacier", an icebreaker which for three decades, 1955–56 to 1986–87, supported scientific activity in Antarctica and the Ross Sea on virtually an annual basis. From 1955–56, Glacier operated as a US Navy ship. Along with other Navy icebreakers, Glacier was transferred to the US Coast Guard fleet, June 1966, from which she operated until decommissioned, June 1987.

[Wikipedia: Frank Natterer] Frank Natterer (July 20, 1941) is a German mathematician. He was born in Wangen im Allgäu, Germany. Natterer pioneered and shaped the field of mathematical methods in imaging including computed tomography (CT), magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) and ultrasonic imaging).

[Wikipedia: Heal the Living] Heal the Living (French: Réparer les vivants ) is a 2016 French-Belgian drama film directed by Katell Quillévéré and written by Quillévéré and Gilles Taurand. It stars Tahar Rahim, Emmanuelle Seigner, Anne Dorval, Bouli Lanners and Kool Shen. The film was scored by Alexandre Desplat. Based on the novel "Réparer les vivants" ("Mend the Living") by Maylis de Kerangal, "Heal the Living" interweaves three stories connected to each other via an organ transplant. The film was presented in the Horizons section at the 73rd Venice International Film Festival.

[Wikipedia: Orgasm (John's Children album)] Orgasm is John's Children's sole studio album, projected for release on 18 March 1967, and eventually released in September 1970. It was recorded (before Marc Bolan joined the band) at Advison Studios in London, England. Originally intended as a regular studio album, it was transformed into a fake "live" album by producer Simon Napier-Bell by dubbing audience screams lifted from The Beatles' movie "A Hard Day's Night".

[Wikipedia: Jiguan District] Jiguan District () is a district and the seat of the city of Jixi, Heilongjiang province, People's Republic of China.

[Wikipedia: Nantahala National Forest] The Nantahala National Forest, established in 1920, is a national forest located in the American state of North Carolina. The word "Nantahala" is a Cherokee word meaning "Land of the Noonday Sun." The name is appropriate as, in some spots, the sun only reaches the floors of the deep gorges of the forest when high overhead at midday. The Spanish Conquistador Hernando de Soto explored the area in 1540, as did William Bartram in the 18th century. The Nantahala River flows through the Nantahala National Forest.

[Wikipedia: SOS (Rihanna song)] "SOS" is a song by Barbadian singer Rihanna from her second studio album "A Girl like Me" (2006). It was written by Jonathan "J.R." Rotem, E. Kidd Bogart and Ed Cobb, with production was handled by Rotem, Carl Sturken and Evan Rogers. It was released on February 14, 2006, as the lead single from the album. "SOS" is a dance-pop song which samples Soft Cell's 1981 recording of "Tainted Love", a song written by Cobb in 1965. Critical reception of "SOS" was generally positive, with the majority of music critics praising the inclusion of the "Tainted Love" sample. Some critics compared "SOS" to Rihanna's debut single, "Pon de Replay" ("Music of the Sun", 2005).

[Wikipedia: River Oaks Center] River Oaks Center is located at the southeast corner of River Oaks Drive and Torrence Avenue in Calumet City, Illinois, USA. It opened in 1966 and was a development of KLC Ventures, a firm that included the pioneering developer Philip M. Klutznick and his son Tom. The elder Klutznick had developed Park Forest, Illinois, after World War II, as well as Oakbrook Center in Oak Brook in 1959 and Old Orchard Shopping Center in Skokie in 1956. River Oaks Center is the largest enclosed shopping mall in the south suburbs of Chicago, and the seventh largest in the metropolitan area totaling 1379824 sqft . Today, there are over 140 stores and two anchors including JCPenney and Macy's with two vacant anchors last occupied by Carson Pirie Scott and Sears. Namdar Realty Group and Mason Asset Management manages and owns River Oaks Center.

[Wikipedia: Callum Saunders] Callum Luke Saunders (born 26 September 1995) is a Welsh professional footballer who plays as a forward for Notts County. His father Dean Saunders is a former professional footballer. He was born in Istanbul when his father was playing for the Turkish club Galatasaray.

[Wikipedia: Tharangambadi] Tharangambadi, formerly Tranquebar, is a town in the Nagapattinam district of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. It lies 15 km north of Karaikal, near the mouth of a distributary of the Kaveri River. Tharangambadi is the headquarters of Tharangambadi taluk while its name means "place of the singing waves". It was a Danish colony from 1620 to 1845, and in Danish it is still known as "Trankebar".

[Wikipedia: List of DC Extended Universe cast members] The DC Extended Universe is a media franchise and shared fictional universe that is the setting of superhero films independently produced by Warner Bros., based on characters that appear in DC Comics publications.

[Wikipedia: Mac OS X 10.2] Mac OS X Jaguar, version 10.2, is the third major release of Mac OS X (now named macOS), Apple's desktop and server operating system. It superseded Mac OS X 10.1 and preceded Mac OS X Panther. The operating system was released on August 23, 2002 either for single-computer installations, and in a “family pack,” which allowed five installations on separate computers in one household. The operating system was generally well received by most Mac users as a large step forward in the areas of stability, general speed enhancements, compatibility with other flavors of Unix and the lineup of both graphical and terminal applications available; however, many critics, such as Amazon.com users, still claimed that significant user interface speed issues existed and that the operating system was still a big step down from Mac OS 9.

[Wikipedia: Adam Pavlásek] Adam Pavlásek (born 8 October 1994) is a tennis player playing on the ATP Challenger Tour from the Czech Republic. He reached his career-high ATP singles ranking of World No. 72 in January 2017. At the start of 2015, Pavlásek replaced injured countryman Radek Štěpánek in the Hopman Cup, playing alongside Lucie Šafářová. He made a name for himself by defeating world number 20 Fabio Fognini of Italy, Pavlásek's first ever win over a top 20 player.

[Wikipedia: Peter X. Kelly] Peter X. Kelly (born June 3, 1959) is a restaurateur and renowned chef. He runs the Xaviars Restaurant Group, which owns and manages Xaviars and Freelance Cafe in Piermont, New York, Restaurant X and Bully Boy Bar in Congers and Xaviars X2O on the Hudson in Yonkers. The name of the group is based on Peter Kelly's middle name, Xavier. He is a self-taught chef, and as of 2015 , has spent about 30 years cooking professionally in the Hudson Valley.

[Wikipedia: Only Revolutions (album)] Only Revolutions is the fifth studio album by Scottish alternative rock band Biffy Clyro, released 9 November 2009 on 14th Floor Records. As with its predecessor, "Puzzle", the album was produced by Garth Richardson. Upon release, "Only Revolutions" was a critical and commercial success. The album entered at #8 on the UK Album Chart and was then certified gold by the BPI shortly afterwards. It was certified platinum by the BPI in June 2010 for shipments of 300,000 copies in the UK, making it the band's largest selling album. In September 2010, the album achieved a new peak position of #3. It was the 26th biggest selling album of 2010 in the UK with sales of 377,900. It was nominated for the 2010 Mercury Prize, which is awarded annually for the best album in the UK or Ireland, and Rock Sound declared it third in its list of the 75 best albums of 2009.

[Wikipedia: Nassak Diamond] The Nassak Diamond (also known as the Nassac Diamond and the Eye of the Idol) is a large, 43.38 carat diamond that originated as a larger 89 carat diamond in the 15th century in India. Found in the Amaragiri mine located in Mahbubnagar, Telangana, India, and originally cut in India, the diamond was the adornment in the Trimbakeshwar Shiva Temple, near Nashik, in the state of Maharashtra, India from at least 1500 to 1817. The British East India Company captured the diamond through the Third Anglo-Maratha War and sold it to British jewellers Rundell and Bridge in 1818. Rundell and Bridge recut the diamond in 1818, after which it made its way into the handle of the 1st Marquess of Westminster's dress sword.

[Wikipedia: H. Bedford-Jones] Henry James O'Brien Bedford-Jones (1887–1949) was a Canadian historical, adventure fantasy, science fiction, crime and Western writer who became a naturalized United States citizen in 1908. After being encouraged to try writing by his friend, writer William Wallace Cook, Bedford-Jones began writing dime novels and pulp magazine stories. Bedford-Jones was an enormously prolific writer; the pulp editor Harold Hersey once recalled meeting Bedford-Jones in Paris, where he was working on two novels simultaneously, each story on its own separate typewriter. Bedford-Jones cited Alexandre Dumas as his main influence, and wrote a sequel to Dumas' "The Three Musketeers", "D'Artagnan" (1928). He wrote over 100 novels, earning the nickname "King of the Pulps". His works appeared in a number of pulp magazines. Bedford-Jones' main publisher was "Blue Book" magazine; he also appeared in "Adventure", "All-Story Weekly", "Argosy", "Short Stories", "Top-Notch Magazine", "The Magic Carpet", "Golden Fleece", "Ace-High Magazine", "People's Story Magazine", "Hutchinson's Adventure-Story Magazine", "Detective Fiction Weekly", "Western Story Magazine", and "Weird Tales".

[Wikipedia: Hotel Pennsylvania] The Hotel Pennsylvania is a hotel located at 401 Seventh Avenue (15 Penn Plaza) in Manhattan, across the street from Pennsylvania Station and Madison Square Garden in New York City.

[Wikipedia: Where Are Ü Now] "Where Are Ü Now" is a song produced by American EDM artists Skrillex and Diplo under their collaborative effort Jack Ü, with vocals from Canadian singer Justin Bieber. The song was released as the second single from the duo's debut studio album, "Skrillex and Diplo Present Jack Ü" (2015), on their respective labels OWSLA and Mad Decent, and is also included on Bieber's fourth studio album "Purpose" (2015). It was released simultaneously with the album on February 27, 2015, later sent to mainstream radio on April 21, 2015.

[Wikipedia: The Prestige (film)] The Prestige is a 2006 British-American mystery thriller film directed by Christopher Nolan, from a screenplay adapted by Nolan and his brother Jonathan from Christopher Priest's 1995 novel of the same name. Its story follows Robert Angier and Alfred Borden, rival stage magicians in London at the end of the 19th century. Obsessed with creating the best stage illusion, they engage in competitive one-upmanship with tragic results. The film stars Hugh Jackman as Robert Angier, Christian Bale as Alfred Borden, and David Bowie as Nikola Tesla. It also stars Scarlett Johansson, Michael Caine, Piper Perabo, Andy Serkis, and Rebecca Hall. The film reunites Nolan with actors Bale and Caine from "Batman Begins" and returning cinematographer Wally Pfister, production designer Nathan Crowley, film score composer David Julyan, and editor Lee Smith.

[Wikipedia: Christian Yelich] Christian Stephen Yelich (born December 5, 1991) is an American professional baseball left fielder for the Miami Marlins of Major League Baseball (MLB). Yelich was drafted out of high school by the Marlins in the 1st round (23rd overall) of the 2010 Major League Baseball Draft. He stands 6 feet 3 inches and weighs 195 pounds.

[Wikipedia: At Full Gallop] At Full Gallop (Polish: Cwał , and also known as "In Full Gallop") is a 1996 Polish drama film directed by Krzysztof Zanussi. Zanussi has described the film as his most autobiographical work. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1996 Cannes Film Festival. The film was selected as the Polish entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 69th Academy Awards, but was not accepted as a nominee.

[Wikipedia: Liubomyr Vynar] Liubomyr Roman Vynar, or "Lubomyr Wynar" (, 2 January 1932. Lwów, Poland, now Ukraine) — modern Ukrainian-American scientist-historian. Doctor of Philosophy (1957). Professor. Founder (1965) and President (1981) of the Ukrainian Historical Society (United States), Head of World Scholarly Council of Ukrainian World Congress, Head of History Section of the Ukrainian Free Academy of Sciences in the USA, President of the Ukrainian American Association of University Professors, Liubomyr Vynar has been appointed Honorary Head of the Department of Diaspora History, he also became its honorary Professor. He studied in Lviv Academic Gymnasium, graduated from Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich and Ukrainian Free University.

[Wikipedia: Holzschlag, Austria] Holzschlag is a village in the Upper Austria (Oberösterreich) region of Austria. The village is located on Austria's border with the Czech Republic. Inventor Viktor Schauberger was born in Holzschlag in 1885.

[Wikipedia: Twisted Tales (web series)] Twisted Tales (also known as Tom Holland’s Twisted Tales) is a 2013 webseries that was written and directed by American director Tom Holland. The series was released in late 2013 through Fearnet's website and was released onto DVD on March 18, 2014 through Image Entertainment.

[Wikipedia: Valhalla (Pleasure Beach Blackpool)] Valhalla is a large indoor dark ride at Pleasure Beach Blackpool in Lancashire, England. It was opened on 14 June 2000 at a cost of £15 million (equivalent to more than £23 million in 2015) - one of the most expensive water rides ever to be built - and is the longest indoor dark ride in the world. Both a dark ride and a water ride, Valhalla uses special effects which incorporate fire, water and snow.

[Wikipedia: General Staff of the Vietnam People's Army] General Staff (Vietnamese: "Bộ Tổng tham mưu" ) is the commanding and managing organisation of the Vietnam People's Army, the paramilitary forces, militia and other activities relating to defence of Vietnam. The General Staff was established on 7 September 1945, right after the foundation of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam, the first Chief of the General Staff was General Hoàng Văn Thái. During the Second Indochina War, Vietnam War, Cambodian-Vietnamese War, Sino-Vietnamese War and other skirmishes, the General Staff always had an essential role in organising, commanding the armed forces and planning, operating military campaigns for the Ministry of Defence and the Government of Vietnam. The current Chief of the General Staff is Senior Lieutenant General (AKA Colonel General) Phan Văn Giang who also holds the position of Deputy Minister of Defence.

[Wikipedia: Government Post Graduate College (Jhang)] Government Postgraduate College Jhang is located in Jhang, Pakistan. The college is affiliated with the University of the Punjab. It was established in 1926. The College has produced Nobel Prize winner. Abdus Salam (Nobel laureate in Physics) and Dr.Hargobind Khurrana (Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine) studied in Govt College Jhang. Urdu Poet Majeed Amjad and Poet, writer and critic of Urdu language Wazir Agha studied there. The College staff consists of 160 professors. Renowned Orthopaedic surgeon Dr. Irfan Ali Shujah and internationally recognized environmental analyst Noor Ahmed also graduated from this college.

[Wikipedia: Ine of Wessex] Ine was King of Wessex from 688 to 726. He was unable to retain the territorial gains of his predecessor, Cædwalla, who had brought much of southern England under his control and expanded West Saxon territory substantially. By the end of Ine's reign, the kingdoms of Kent, Sussex, and Essex were no longer under West Saxon domination; however, Ine maintained control of what is now Hampshire, and consolidated and extended Wessex's territory in the western peninsula.

[Wikipedia: Kwok Kin Pong] Kwok Kin Pong (, born 30 March 1987 in Hong Kong) is a Hong Kong professional footballer playing for Hong Kong Premier League club HK Pegasus. He plays as a defender or midfielder. As he resembles Hong Kong artist and singer Edison Chen, he was given the nickname 'Edison'.

[Wikipedia: Thiramala] Thiramala (Malayalam: തിരമാല) is a 1953 Malayalam film directed by Vimal Kumar and P.R.S. Pillai, starring Sathyan, Kumari Thankam and Thomas Burleigh. The film has a significant place in the history of Malayalam cinema. Renowned filmmaker Ramu Kariat worked as an assistant director in this film. Noted Hindustani vocalist Lakshmi Shankar recorded a song for this film.

[Wikipedia: 1917–18 Toronto Hockey Club season] The 1917–18 Toronto Hockey Club season was the first season of the new "Toronto" franchise in the newly organized National Hockey League (NHL). The team was intended as a 'temporary' franchise, operating without an official club nickname (the press would dub them the "Blue Shirts" or "Torontos", and in 1948 the NHL would engrave "Toronto Arenas" on the Stanley Cup as the 1917–18 winner) and without a formal organization separate from the Toronto Arena Company that managed the Arena Gardens. Despite this, the team came together to win the first NHL Championship, competing against existing teams that had transferred directly from the National Hockey Association (NHA). Toronto would go on to win the Stanley Cup by defeating the Pacific Coast Hockey Association champion Vancouver Millionaires – the first Stanley Cup for an NHL team and the second Cup for a Toronto team after the Toronto Blueshirts' victory in the 1913–14 season of the NHA.

[Wikipedia: Kemess Mine] The Kemess Mine was an open-pit copper and gold mine, located just northeast of the foot of Thutade Lake, at the head of the Finlay River, in the Omineca Mountains of the Northern Interior of British Columbia, Canada. It was operated by Royal Oak Mines from 1998 to 1999, when it was bought by Northgate Minerals. Northgate operated the mine until its closure in 2011; that year Northgate was taken over by AuRico Gold. In 2014 AuRico Gold partitioned off its portion of kemess Mine ownership creating a new company called AuRico Metals. AuRico Metals is actively implementing permits for a block caving mine.

[Wikipedia: Snatch (TV series)] Snatch is a British/American television series based on the film of the same name, which debuted on Crackle on 16 March 2017. The show has been renewed for a second season.

[Wikipedia: Azumi Inoue] Azumi Inoue (井上 あずみ or 井上杏美 , Inoue Azumi , born February 10, 1965 in Kanazawa, Ishikawa Prefecture, Japan) is a Japanese singer. She graduated from Yugakkan High School in Kanazawa. She is best known for singing the opening and ending theme songs for the Hayao Miyazaki film "My Neighbor Totoro": "Sanpo" and "My Neighbor Totoro". She is known for having a clear, light voice.

[Wikipedia: Indian Refining Company] The Indian Refining Company was an American oil company in operation from the first decade of the 1900s to April 2, 1943. It was bought by the Texas Company in 1931. It had an oil refinery based in Lawrenceville, Illinois. Indian Refining patented the first "wax free" oil under the Havoline brand. The chemists at the Lawrenceville, Illinois refinery developed the wax free motor oil which led to an Indian Refining patent. The Texas Company (TEXACO) acquired Indian Refining in 1931 primarily to access the formulation for wax free motor oil, which was developed and is currently the standard for all conventional motor oils throughout the world.

[Wikipedia: Mos Def &amp; Talib Kweli Are Black Star] Mos Def & Talib Kweli Are Black Star (often called simply Black Star) is the only studio album by Black Star, a hip hop duo consisting of emcees Talib Kweli and Mos Def (the latter of whom now goes by his new stage name Yasiin Bey). The album was released on September 29, 1998, to critical acclaim. The title is a reference to the Black Star Line, a shipping line founded by Pan-Africanist Marcus Garvey. The album deals with modern-day issues, philosophical ideas, and life in Brooklyn, New York City, as the two artists know it.

[Wikipedia: Metropolitan Life North Building] The Metropolitan Life North Building, now known as Eleven Madison, is a 30-story art deco skyscraper on Madison Square Park in Manhattan, New York City, at 11-25 Madison Avenue. The building is bordered by East 24th Street, Madison Avenue, East 25th Street and Park Avenue South, and is connected by an elevated walkway to the Met Life Tower just south of it. The North Building was built on the site of Richard Upjohn's original Madison Square Presbyterian Church. The second church, designed by Stanford White of McKim, Mead and White was built in 1906, across 24th street on land conveyed by Metropolitan Life. As part of the Metropolitan Life Home Office Complex, the North Building was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 19, 1996.

[Wikipedia: Sinclair BASIC] Sinclair BASIC is a dialect of the programming language BASIC used in the 8-bit home computers from Sinclair Research and Timex Sinclair. The Sinclair BASIC interpreter was made by Nine Tiles Networks Ltd.

[Wikipedia: Clane GAA] Clane GAA is a Gaelic Athletic Association (GAA) club in Clane, County Kildare, Ireland, winner of 17 Kildare county senior football championships, 16 county senior hurling championships and Kildare club of the year in 1975. Clane players are credited with bringing the handpass into Gaelic football. Richard Cribben was regarded as one of the best players in the game in the 1890s and played on the international team that played England at Stamford Bridge in 1896. Pa Connolly (a Cuchulainn All-Star award winner in 1963) and Tommy Carew featured on the Kildare football team of the millennium. Martin Lynch was an All Stars Award winner in 1991. John Finn was an All Stars Award winner in 1998.

[Wikipedia: Karposh Point] Karposh Point (Bulgarian: "нос Карпош" , ‘Nos Karposh’ \'nos 'kar-posh\) is the ice-free point on the north coast of Snow Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica. It is projecting 500 m into Morton Strait, and is situated 2.3 km west of the extreme northeast point of President Head, 2.5 km east-southeast of Gostun Point, and 4.8 km east-southeast of Cape Timblón.

[Wikipedia: Anna Stankus] Anna Stankus is a circus performer who specialises in hula hoop manipulation whilst also incorporating rhythmic gymnastics and contortion in her acts. She is currently on tour with Cirque du Soleil Amaluna for its European and South American tours. Since first beginning her career in 2007, she has gone on to perform in many productions worldwide including for Cirque du Soleil, Cirque Le Noir, Franco Dragone shows and in various variety shows in her hometown of Las Vegas.

[Wikipedia: Celesbian] The term celesbian (a portmanteau of "celebrity" and "lesbian") originally referred to a female celebrity known or reputed to be a lesbian and popular within the LGBT community. Celesbianism as a Western media phenomenon came into vogue in 2008, when several female celebrities presented themselves as lesbians. The term was first used by New Yorkers Pam Franco and Susan Levine, a disk jockey. It was used in a full-page ad in a lesbian nightlife magazine, "GO MAGAZINE". The ad was for the Mz Hip and Fit NY contest, the idea of Denise Cohen of Denco Designs & Events. The contest was a search for the hottest lesbian in the United States. The term "celesbian" was used for the celebrity lesbian judges.

[Wikipedia: 2010 Monaco GP2 Series round] The 2010 Monaco GP2 round was a GP2 Series motor race held on May 14 and May 15, 2010 at the Circuit de Monaco in Monte Carlo, Monaco. It was the second race of the 2010 GP2 Season. The race was used to support the 2010 Monaco Grand Prix. GP2's feeder formula GP3 does not appear at this event, with Formula Renault 3.5 Series replacing it on the support bill.

[Wikipedia: Lego Harry Potter] Lego "Harry Potter" is a Lego theme based on the films of the "Harry Potter" series. Lego models of important scenes, vehicles and characters were made for the first six films and all the books released. The first sets appeared in 2001, to coincide with the release of the first film "Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone" (Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone in the United States). Subsequent sets were released alongside the new films, until Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix. The line then went dormant for three years. It is unknown if the theme will again be revived to coincide with future installations in the Harry Potter franchise, such as the film Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them.

[Wikipedia: Castle Semple] Castle Semple (previously Castletoun) is a former mansion house located in Renfrewshire, Scotland. It is situated near the eastern end of Castle Semple Loch, within Clyde Muirshiel Regional Park. Erected, or more probably rebuilt, by John Sempill, 1st Lord Sempill, he changed its name from Castletoun to Castle-Semple. In Willem Blaeu's "Atlas Maior", published in 1654, the castle is represented by a mark denoting the largest size of castles. In George Crawford's "History of Renfrewshire" (1710), he noted, ""Upon the brink of the loch stands the castle of Sempill, the principal messuage of a fair lordship of the same denomination, which consists of a large court, part of which seems to be a very ancient building, adorned with pleasant orchards and gardens."" According to Gardner, Castleton was built in 1492-3, but Millar states that it was built closer to 1550, as a successor to Elliston Castle.

[Wikipedia: Line of succession to the former Romanian throne] The succession order to the throne of the Romanian monarchy, abolished since 1947, was regulated by the monarchical constitution of 1923 and the 1884 Law of the Romanian Royal House Rules enacted pursuant to the 1866 Constitution of Romania which had confirmed the enthronement of Prince Karl (Carol) of Hohenzollern-Sigmaringen. The defunct 1923 Constitution stipulated Salic law, according to which the throne was hereditary in King Carol I's legitimate descent and, if his male issue failed, in the descent of his brothers of the Sigmaringen princely branch of the House of Hohenzollern, according to agnatic primogeniture and to the perpetual exclusion of females and their descendants. The last monarch to reign in Romania was King Michael I, who was born in 1921, abdicated his throne on 30 December 1947 under coercion, and went into exile in Switzerland.

[Wikipedia: Fatma Sultan (daughter of Selim II)] Fatma Sultan (1559–1580; Ottoman Turkish: فاطمہ سلطان) was an Ottoman princess, daughter of Sultan Selim II (reign 1566–74) of the Ottoman Empire. She was the granddaughter of Suleiman the Magnificent (reign 1520–66) and Hürrem Sultan, sister of Sultan Murad III (reign 1574–95) and aunt of Sultan Mehmed III (reign 1595–1603).

[Wikipedia: Jacksonville Terminal Subdivision] The Jacksonville Terminal Subdivision is a railroad line owned by CSX Transportation in the U.S. State of Florida. The S-Line runs from Jacksonville, Florida to Baldwin, Florida for a total of 17.8 miles. At its north end it continues south from the Nahunta Subdivision and at its south end it continues south as the Tallahassee Subdivision. The A-Line runs from Jacksonville, Florida to St. Johns, Florida for a total of 13.0 miles. At its north end it continues south from the Nahunta Subdivision and at its south end it continues south as the Sanford Subdivision.

[Wikipedia: Faking It (U.S. TV series)] Faking It is an American single-camera romantic comedy series that premiered on MTV on April 22, 2014, starring Rita Volk, Katie Stevens, Gregg Sulkin, Michael Willett and Bailey De Young. The series was created by Dana Min Goodman and Julia Wolov. Carter Covington developed the series and serves as the executive producer. An eight-episode first season was ordered by MTV in October 2013. MTV announced a ten episode second season set to premiere on September 23, 2014. In August 2014, the show won a Teen Choice Award for "Choice TV Breakout Show". In October 2014, MTV ordered 10 more episodes, meaning season 2 would have a total of 20 episodes. The series features the first intersex main character on a television show, and included television's first transgender character played by a transgender actor.

[Wikipedia: 1995 Toray Pan Pacific Open – Doubles] Pam Shriver and Elizabeth Smylie were the defending champions but only Shriver competed that year with Lori McNeil.

[Wikipedia: Air 500] Air 500 Limited was a Canadian airline. Founded in 1985 by Dennis Chadala, former Captain, director of marketing and assistant to Carl Millard, of the defunct Millardair. The company commenced operations with 1 Super Beech 18 Model E, registered C-FTAE that was purchased from Bradley First Air where it had retired from flying the dew line in Northern Canada. The Beech18 was originally purchased new by Timmins Aviation. The founder had extensive knowledge of the emergency freight business and the operation of DC3s, Super DCs and DC4 aircraft due to his position within the inner circle at Millardair. Dennis Chadala created Air 500 Limited on a shoe string, without financing and was the first airline to receive licensing and an operating certificate at Toronto's Pearson International Airport following deregulation of the aviation industry in Canada in 1985. The airline grew rapidly adding an aircraft at the pace of 1 every six months. By 1989 it had acquired almost all of the business flying ad hock charter out of Toronto for Chrysler, Ford, GM and many others formerly serviced by his former place of employment at Millardair. The young owner's extensive knowledge of this niche area of aviation enabled him to expand rapidly and capture that market segment. At the time, Air 500 was an exceptional success story operating 3 Super Beech 18 aircraft, 2 Cessna 310s, 1 DC3, 1 Super DC(C117), 1 Piper Cheyenne and 1 Mitsubishi MU2 Marquise. In the early nineties, the fleet continued to grow adding 2 more Mitsubishi MU2 aircraft, 2 Citation 500 business jets and 1 Citation 2 business jet. In 1995 the airport was privatized and came under the direction and control of the GTAA (Greater Toronto Airport Authority) and Dennis Chadala simultaneously acquired Hangar #7, the newest hangar facility at the north end of the Pearson Airport off Derry Road with 40 years remaining on the current land lease. Air 500 had contracts in the courier industry, Air Ambulance Services and Aircraft Management as well as a base of operations at the Esso Avitat in Ottawa where 2 Mitsubishi Marquise MU2 aircraft were stationed. One was flying an exclusive long term contract for Nordion (formerly Atomic Energy of Canada) flying radio active isotopes to numerous destinations in the United States for medical purposes as a well a designated charter aircraft. Hangar #7 was large enough to lease out one half the facility to Air 500 Limited and the other half to Execaire/Innotech Aviation and they remained tenants of the hangar owned by Dennis Chadala until November 1998, at which time Execaire/Innotech owned by the IMP Group out of Halifax Nova Scotia struct a deal with Dennis Chadala to purchase his hangar facility, all his aircraft and the operating airline Air 500 Limited. Dennis Chadala stayed on with the company during a short transition period that ended in February 1999. Air 500 was amalgamated into Execaire and became part of that operating group taking advantage of the synergies available to them.

[Wikipedia: Langston Hughes House] Langston Hughes House is a historic home located in Harlem, Manhattan, New York City. It is an Italianate style dwelling built in 1869. It is a three story with basement, rowhouse faced in brownstone and measuring 20 feet wide and 45 feet deep. Noted African American poet and author Langston Hughes (1902-1967) occupied the top floor as his workroom from 1947 to 1967.

[Wikipedia: Helmuth von Moltke the Younger] Helmuth Johann Ludwig von Moltke (] ; 23 May 1848 – 18 June 1916), also known as Moltke the Younger, was a nephew of "Generalfeldmarschall" (Field Marshal) Helmuth Karl Bernhard von Moltke and served as the Chief of the German General Staff from 1906 to 1914. The two are often differentiated as "Moltke the Elder" and "Moltke the Younger".

[Wikipedia: Sugar (Flo Rida song)] "Sugar" is a song by American rapper Flo Rida, featuring American pop/dance singer Wynter Gordon. The song's chorus samples the song "Blue (Da Ba Dee)" by Italian electronic music group Eiffel 65. The song was written by Flo Rida, The Jackie Boyz, Jeffrey Jey, Maurizio Lobina, and Massimo Gabutti, and was produced by DJ Montay for Flo Rida's second album, "R.O.O.T.S.". The song was released as the album's third official single in March 2009 as a digital download.

[Wikipedia: Enterprise Holdings] Enterprise Holdings, Inc. is an American holding company headquartered in Clayton, Missouri. It is the parent company of car rental companies Enterprise Rent-A-Car, National Car Rental, Alamo Rent a Car, and Enterprise CarShare. The holding company was formed in 2009 as a result of Enterprise Rent-A-Car's 2007 acquisition of Vanguard Automotive Group, the parent company of National Car Rental and Alamo Rent a Car. Enterprise ranks as the largest car rental company in the United States. The company sells its used cars through Enterprise Car Sales. It is owned by the Taylor family

[Wikipedia: Constitution of Israel] The State of Israel has an unwritten constitution. Instead of a formal written constitution, and in accordance with the Harari Decision (החלטת הררי) of 13 June 1950 adopted during the Israeli Constituent Assembly, the State of Israel has enacted several Basic Laws of Israel dealing with the government arrangements and with human rights. The Israeli Supreme Court President Aharon Barak ruled that the Basic Laws should be considered the state's constitution, and that became the common approach throughout his tenure (1995-2006). Opponents of this approach include Barak's colleague, Judge of the Supreme Court Mishael Cheshin.

[Wikipedia: Kertha Gosa Pavilion] The Kertha Gosa pavilion is an example of Balinese architecture located on the island of Bali, in the city Klungkung, Indonesia. The Kertha Gosa Pavilion at Klungkung Palace was first built in the early 18th century by Dewa Agung Gusti Sideman. The first function of the pavilion was for the court of law in 1945. Kertha Gosa was repainted in the 1920s and again in the 1960s. The people who discovered the pavilion knew there was an extensive history behind the pavilion. The discovery of Kertha Gosa pavilion was only known by people writing about it here or there to others outside of Bali. The Kertha Gosa Pavilion at Klungkung has the story of Bhima Swarga painted around the ceiling. Bhima Swarga is a Hindu epic referenced from the Mahabharata. The story at the Kertha Gosa Pavilion is not the whole Mahabharata but one small section called Bhima Swarga.

[Wikipedia: Harold Buxton] Buxton was born into a noble family, the son of Thomas Buxton, 3rd Baronet, on 20 June 1880. He was educated at Harrow and Trinity College, Cambridge . In 1904 he embarked on his ecclesiastical career with a curacy at St Cuthbert, Bensham. From 1907 to 1910 he was Domestic Chaplain to the Bishop of Rangoon, and from 1911 to 1914 curate of Thaxted. From 1914 to 1918 he was Vicar of Horley, Oxfordshire; during World War I he was also a temporary Chaplain to the Forces in France and attached to the Russian Red Cross at Erzurum in the Ottoman Empire. From 1926 to 1927 he was Chaplain of St. George's Cathedral, Jerusalem and then, before his appointment to the episcopate, Archdeacon of Cyprus from 1928 to 1932. A Sub-Prelate of the Order of St John of Jerusalem, he died on 13 March 1976.

[Wikipedia: Silybum] Silybum (milk thistle) is a genus of two species of thistles in the (daisy family). The plants are native to the Mediterranean regions of Europe, North Africa, and the Middle East. One species has been introduced elsewhere, including in North America. The name "milk thistle" derives from a feature of the leaves, which are prominently banded with splashes of white. Historically, these milky bands were said to be Mother Mary's milk, and this is the origin of another common name, St. Mary's thistle. The most widespread species is "Silybum marianum".

[Wikipedia: Agassi Tennis Generation] Agassi Tennis Generation is a tennis sports game, developed by Aqua Pacific and published by DreamCatcher Interactive for the PC, PlayStation 2 and Game Boy Advance. It was originally released for PC on August 12, 2002. The game features former tennis player Andre Agassi.

[Wikipedia: Palandöken Ice Skating Hall] Palandöken Ice Skating Hall (Turkish: "Palandöken Buz Pateni Salonu" ), formerly GSIM Yenişehir Ice Hockey Hall (Turkish: "GSİM Yenişehir Buz Hokey Salonu" ) or Erzurum Ice Skating Hall (Turkish: "Erzurum Buz Pateni Salonu" ), is an indoor ice skating and ice hockey rink located at Ahmet Baba neighborhood of Palandöken district in Erzurum, eastern Turkey. It was opened in 2008.

[Wikipedia: 2013 Preakness Stakes] The 2013 Preakness Stakes was the 138th running of the Preakness Stakes thoroughbred horse race. The race was held on May 18, 2013, and was televised on NBC. The race was won by Oxbow. The post time of the race was 6:18 p.m. EDT. The race was the 12th race on a card of 13 races. The Maryland Jockey Club reported total attendance of 117,203, this is recorded as second highest on the list of American thoroughbred racing top attended events for North America in 2013.

[Wikipedia: Tennessee Tech Golden Eagles football] The Tennessee Tech Golden Eagles football program is the intercollegiate American football team for the Tennessee Technological University located in the U.S. state of Tennessee. The team competes in the NCAA Division I Football Championship Subdivision (FCS) and are members of the Ohio Valley Conference. The school's first football team was fielded in 1922. The team plays its home games at the 16,500 seat Tucker Stadium. They are coached by Marcus Satterfield, who took over in 2016 following the retirement of Watson Brown.

[Wikipedia: Curaçao Sekshon Pagá] The Curaçao Sekshon Pagá (Papiamento: "Curaçao Paid Session") is the top association football league and only semi-professional league in Curaçao, constituent country of the Netherlands. Up to 2010 the top two teams in this competition got to compete in the Kopa Antiano, the Netherlands Antilles Championship. After the dissolution of the country, Curaçao became the successor of the Netherlands Antilles in CONCACAF and the teams competing can qualify for the CONCACAF Champions League, by placing in the top final three positions of the CFU Club Championship. The teams who finish at the bottom of the league table, have to compete with the top two teams of the Sekshon Amatùr, the 2nd tier of football in Curaçao for placement in Sekshon Pagá the following season.

[Wikipedia: The Young Doctors (film)] The Young Doctors is a 1961 film directed by Phil Karlson and starring Ben Gazzara, Fredric March, Dick Clark, Ina Balin, Eddie Albert, Phyllis Love, Aline MacMahon, George Segal (in his first movie) and Dolph Sweet. The film is based on the 1959 novel "The Final Diagnosis" by Arthur Hailey. Ronald Reagan was the narrator in the film.

[Wikipedia: Jack Rabbit Blues – The Singles of 1958–1960] Jack Rabbit Blues is a compilation album of songs that Ike Turner performed on between 1958 and 1960 released through Secret Records. At this time, Turner was involved and performed with various bands and musicians including Kenneth Churchill, Otis Rush, Betty Everett, Buddy Guy and his own Kings of Rhythm as well as his earlier singles with future wife, Tina Turner (she also went under the alias of Little Ann). Every one of these tracks features Ike Turner on guitar, piano and/or vocals.

[Wikipedia: Triple Crown College Baseball League] The Triple Crown College Baseball League (TCCBL) is a wood bat collegiate summer baseball league based in Fort Collins, Colorado. The TCCBL was founded in 2007 by Triple Crown Sports, a sports event marketing company also based out of Fort Collins, Colorado. Dave King, owner of Triple Crown Sports, was instrumental in founding the league. The league consists of players from all levels of collegiate baseball, from NCAA Division I to NAIA and Junior-college players. The 2009 edition of the league will consist of five teams, the Triple Crown Renegades, Colorado Khaos, Triple Crown Bandits, Triple Crown Bulldogs, and Colorado Aliens.

[Wikipedia: Keanu (disambiguation)] Keanu primarily refers to Keanu Reeves (born 1964), a Canadian actor and director.

[Wikipedia: All Bengal Teachers Association] All Bengal Teachers Association, a movement of teachers (excluding the Teachers and non-Teaching staff of schools under direct control of Government of West Bengal) in the Indian state of West Bengal. ABTA is one, although not the only, teachers and non-teaching staff's wing which is predominantly run by teachers or non-teaching staff of the Government Sponsored/aided schools who are either members or supporters of Communist Party of India (Marxist), though it is not directly affiliated to CPI(M). There are many members of this organization who are not in the same political league as CPI(M), still they become member because it is by far the largest Teacher's Body of West Bengal. Though not many, but some of the members of ABTA are from Privately managed schools also. ABTA is by far the largest teachers organization in the state.It was established in 1921. Acharya Prfulla Chandra Roy was the president of the Association at the initial stage. Present Secretary of A.B.T.A. is Utpal Roy (as of June 2012). Number of members in the government and govt-aided schools of West Bengal are not less than 1,40,000.This amounts to 70 per cent of the total teachers of the state(i.e.west Bengal)

[Wikipedia: Collective Soul] Collective Soul is an American rock band originally from Stockbridge, Georgia. Now based in Atlanta, the group consists of lead vocalist Ed Roland, rhythm guitarist Dean Roland, bassist Will Turpin, drummer Johnny Rabb and lead guitarist Jesse Triplett.

[Wikipedia: The Mark on the Wall] "The Mark on the Wall" is the first published story by Virginia Woolf. It was published in 1917 as part of the first collection of short stories written by Virginia Woolf and her husband, Leonard Woolf, called "Two Stories". It was later published in New York in 1921 as part of another collection entitled "Monday or Tuesday".

[Wikipedia: Forward Operating Base Hamidullah] Forward Operating Base Hamidullah or more simply FOB Hamidullah is a former Forward Operating Base in Afghanistan operated by the International Security Assistance Force (ISAF) under Operation Herrick (OP H) and Operation Enduring Freedom (OEF).

[Wikipedia: Nkrumah government] Dr. Kwame Nkrumah was the first Prime Minister and first President of Ghana. Nkrumah had run governments under the supervision of the British government through Charles Arden-Clarke, the Governor-General. His first government under colonial rule started from 21 March 1952 until independence. His first independent government took office on 6 March 1957. From 1 July 1960, Ghana became a republic and Nkrumah became the first president of Ghana.

[Wikipedia: Jerry Glanville] Jerry Michael Glanville (born October 14, 1941) is a former American football player and coach, former NASCAR driver and owner, and sportscaster. He served as head coach of the Houston Oilers from 1986 to 1990 and the Atlanta Falcons from 1990 to 1994, compiling a career NFL record of 63–73. From 2007 to 2009, he was the Head Football Coach at Portland State University, tallying a mark of 9–24. Glanville has worked as an analyst on HBO's "Inside the NFL", CBS's "The NFL Today"/"NFL on CBS" and Fox's coverage of the NFL. He has also raced on the Automobile Racing Club of America circuit. Glanville also briefly served as a consultant and liaison for the United Football League in 2011.

[Wikipedia: Postal 2] Postal 2 (stylized as POSTAL) is a black comedy first-person shooter video game by Running With Scissors, and it is the sequel to the 1997 game "Postal". Both are intentionally highly controversial due to high levels of violence and stereotyping. Unlike its predecessor, "Postal 2" is played completely in first-person based on the Unreal Engine 2. Scenes of the game can be seen in the music video of The Black Eyed Peas single "Where Is the Love?"

[Wikipedia: Qin Shi Huang] Qin Shi Huang ( ; 18 February 25910 September 210) was the founder of the Qin dynasty (秦朝 ) and was the first emperor of a unified China. He was born Ying Zheng (嬴政 ) or Zhao Zheng (趙政 ), a prince of the state of Qin. He became the King Zheng of Qin (秦王政 ) when he was thirteen, then China's first emperor when he was 38 after the Qin had conquered all of the other Warring States and unified all of China in 221 BC. Rather than maintain the title of "king" borne by the previous Shang and Zhou rulers, he ruled as the First Emperor (始皇帝 ) of the Qin dynasty from 220 to 210 BC. His self-invented title "emperor" (皇帝 , "  "), as indicated by his use of the word "First", would continue to be borne by Chinese rulers for the next two millennia.

[Wikipedia: G59 – 1st Swiss Horticulture Exhibition] The G59 – 1st Swiss Horticulture Exhibition was the first of two Swiss horticulture exhibitions up until now. It took place from April 25 to October 11, 1959 in Zurich and covered an area of about 37 acres on the right and left banks of lower Lake Zurich. The two separate halves of the exposition were connected by commuter ferries and a specially created cable car.

[Wikipedia: Madam C. J. Walker] Sarah Breedlove (December 23, 1867 – May 25, 1919), known as Madam C. J. Walker, was an African American entrepreneur, philanthropist, and a political and social activist. Eulogized as the first female self-made millionaire in America, she became one of the wealthiest African American women in the country, "the world's most successful female entrepreneur of her time," and one of the most successful African-American business owners ever.

[Wikipedia: Electoral district of Heysen] Heysen is an electoral district of the House of Assembly in the Australian state of South Australia. It is named after Sir Hans Heysen, a prominent South Australian landscape artist. It is a 1,102 km² electoral district that takes in some of the outer southern suburbs of Adelaide before fanning south-east to include most of the Adelaide Hills, as well as farming areas some distance from the capital. It includes the areas of Aldgate, Bridgewater, Echunga, Hahndorf, Macclesfield, Meadows, Stirling and Strathalbyn, as well as part of Mount Barker. Although geographically it is a hybrid urban-rural seat, it is counted as a metropolitan seat.

[Wikipedia: Coast Mountains] The Coast Mountains are a major mountain range in the Pacific Coast Ranges of western North America, extending from southwestern Yukon through the Alaska Panhandle and virtually all of the Coast of British Columbia south to the Fraser River. The mountain range's name derives from its proximity to the sea coast, and it is often referred to as the Coast Range. The range includes volcanic and non-volcanic mountains and the extensive ice fields of the Pacific and Boundary Ranges, and the northern end of the volcanic system known as the Cascade Volcanoes. The Coast Mountains are part of a larger mountain system called the Pacific Coast Ranges or the Pacific Mountain System, which includes the Cascade Range, the Insular Mountains, the Olympic Mountains, the Oregon Coast Range, the California Coast Ranges, the Saint Elias Mountains and the Chugach Mountains. The Coast Mountains are also part of the American Cordilleraa Spanish term for an extensive chain of mountain rangesthat consists of an almost continuous sequence of mountain ranges that form the western backbone of North America, Central America, South America and Antarctica.

[Wikipedia: Aag (1948 film)] Aag (Hindi: आग ; English: "Fire" ) is a 1948 Bollywood film which is produced, directed by and stars Raj Kapoor. The film marked the debut of Raj Kapoor as producer and director and was the first film produced by his R.K. Banner. Nargis, Premnath, Nigar Sultana and Kamini Kaushal also starred in supporting roles. Raj Kapoor's youngest brother Shashi Kapoor appeared as a child artist in this film playing the younger version of his character (Kewal). This was the first film in which Raj Kapoor and Nargis appeared together.

[Wikipedia: Tell It to the Bees] Tell It to the Bees is an upcoming British drama film directed by Annabel Jankel. It stars Anna Paquin.

[Wikipedia: ESPN College Football Friday Primetime] ESPN College Football Friday Primetime is a live game presentation of Division 1-A college football on ESPN or sometimes ESPN2. There is no main sponsor. The game telecast airs every Friday night at 7:45pm ET during the college football regular season. In 2017, the games will be announced by Adam Amin and Dusty Dvoracek. The game is preceded by a 5-10 minute long segment of "College Football Scoreboard" with Adnan Virk, Danny Kanell and Joey Galloway. They both also present the halftime report.

[Wikipedia: List of Modern Family episodes] "Modern Family" is an American family mockumentary comedy series that airs on ABC. It was created by Christopher Lloyd and Steven Levitan. The show follows the families of Jay Pritchett (Ed O'Neill), his daughter Claire Dunphy (Julie Bowen), and his son Mitchell Pritchett (Jesse Tyler Ferguson), who all live in Los Angeles. Claire is married to Phil Dunphy (Ty Burrell). They have three children: Haley (Sarah Hyland), Alex (Ariel Winter) and Luke (Nolan Gould). Jay is married to a much younger Colombian woman, Gloria (Sofía Vergara), and is helping her raise her teen son, Manny (Rico Rodriguez) along with their new baby Fulgencio "Joe" Pritchett (Jeremy Maguire). Mitchell and his husband Cameron Tucker (Eric Stonestreet) have an adopted Vietnamese child, Lily Tucker-Pritchett (Aubrey Anderson-Emmons).

[Wikipedia: 2016–17 NHL season] The 2016–17 NHL season was the 100th season of operation (99th season of play) of the National Hockey League. Thirty teams were competing in an 82-game regular season from October 12, 2016, to April 9, 2017. The 2017 Stanley Cup playoffs began on April 12 and concluded on June 11, with the Pittsburgh Penguins winning the Stanley Cup over the Nashville Predators in 6 games. On June 11, the Pittsburgh Penguins became the first team to repeat as Stanley Cup champions since the Detroit Red Wings in 1997–98, winning their franchise's fifth Stanley Cup and their third in nine seasons.

[Wikipedia: Light novel] A light novel (ライトノベル , raito noberu ) is a style of Japanese novel primarily, but not exclusively, targeting high-school and middle-school students (young adult demographic). "Light novel" is a "wasei-eigo", or a Japanese term formed from words in the English language. Light novels are often called ranobe (ラノベ ) or LN in the West. The average length of a light novel is about 50,000 words, the equivalent size of an American novel, and light novels are usually published in "bunkobon" size (A6, 10.5 cm × 14.8 cm), often with dense publishing schedules. One of the most remarkable characteristics of a light novel is that they are illustrated with anime and manga art style, often being adapted into such mediums. They are mainly published in separate book volumes, while some of them have their chapters serialized in anthology magazines before collection in book form, comparable to how manga are published.

[Wikipedia: Breaking Bonaduce] Breaking Bonaduce is an American reality television series that aired on VH1, focusing on former child-actor Danny Bonaduce, and how his (then-) increasingly unstable lifestyle impacted his then-wife, Gretchen, and their two children. The series premiered in September 2005 and ended in December 2006.

[Wikipedia: Marks &amp; Spencer] Marks and Spencer plc (also known as M&S) is a major British multinational retailer headquartered in the City of Westminster, London. It is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index.

[Wikipedia: Murder of James Craig Anderson] James Craig Anderson was a 49-year-old African American who was murdered in a hate crime in Jackson, Mississippi on June 26, 2011, by 18-year-old Deryl Dedmon of Brandon. Anderson worked on the assembly line at the Nissan plant in north Jackson; he was helping his longtime partner raise a young child.

[Wikipedia: Planned Parenthood v. Casey] Planned Parenthood v. Casey, 505 U.S. 833 (1992) , was a landmark United States Supreme Court case in which the constitutionality of several Pennsylvania state statutory provisions regarding abortion was challenged. The Court's plurality opinion reaffirmed the central holding of "Roe v. Wade" stating that "matters, involving the most intimate and personal choices a person may make in a lifetime, choices central to personal dignity and autonomy, are central to the liberty protected by the Fourteenth Amendment." The Court's plurality opinion upheld the constitutional right to have an abortion while altering the standard for analyzing restrictions on that right, crafting the "undue burden" standard for abortion restrictions. "Planned Parenthood v. Casey" differs from "Roe," however, because under "Roe" the state could not regulate abortions in the first trimester whereas under "Planned Parenthood v. Casey" the state can regulate abortions in the first trimester, or any point before the point of viability, and beyond as long as that regulation does not pose an undue burden on women's fundamental right to an abortion. Applying this new standard of review, the Court upheld four regulations and invalidated the requirement of spousal notification.

[Wikipedia: Stephanie March] Stephanie Caroline March (born (1974--) 23, 1974 ) is an American actress. She is best known for her role as Alexandra Cabot in the long-running NBC series, "".

[Wikipedia: Newman Haynes Clanton] Newman Haynes Clanton (c. 1816 - August 13, 1881), also known as "Old Man" Clanton, was a cattle rancher and father of four grown sons, one of whom was killed during the Gunfight at the O.K. Corral. Two of his sons were involved in multiple conflicts in Cochise County, Arizona Territory including stagecoach robbery and cattle rustling. His son Ike Clanton was identified by one witness as a participant in the murder of Morgan Earp. Billy Clanton and Ike were both present at the Gunfight at the O.K. Corral in which Billy was killed. "Old Man" Clanton was reportedly involved with stealing cattle from Mexican ranchers and re-selling them in the United States. Records indicate he participated in the Skeleton Canyon Massacre of Mexican smugglers. In retaliation, Mexican Rurales are reported to have ambushed and killed him and a crew of Cowboys in the Guadalupe Canyon Massacre.

[Wikipedia: Bernard Kouchner] Kouchner was born in Avignon, to a Jewish father and a Protestant mother, he began his political career as a member of the French Communist Party (PCF), from which he was expelled in 1966 for attempting to overthrow the leadership. On a visit to Cuba in 1964, Kouchner spent the night fishing and drinking with Fidel Castro. In the protests of May 1968, he ran the medical faculty strike committee at the Sorbonne. Kouchner has three children (Julie, Camille and Antoine) by his first wife, Évelyne Pisier, a professor of law, and one child, Alexandre, by his present wife Christine Ockrent, a television journalist. He worked as a physician for the Red Cross in Biafra in 1968 (during the Nigerian Civil War). His experience as a physician for the Red Cross led him to co-found Médecins Sans Frontières (Doctors Without Borders) in 1971, and then, due to a conflict of opinion with MSF chairman Claude Malhuret, he established "Doctors of the World" ('Médecins du Monde') in 1980. Kouchner worked as a humanitarian volunteer during the Siege of Naba’a refugee camp in Lebanon in East Beirut during the Lebanese Civil War taking risks that "other foreign aid workers weren’t, even worked closely with the Shia cleric Imam Musa al-Sadr".

[Wikipedia: Statistical inference] Statistical inference is the process of deducing properties of an underlying probability distribution by analysis of data. Inferential statistical analysis infers properties about a population: this includes testing hypotheses and deriving estimates. The population is assumed to be larger than the observed data set; in other words, the observed data is assumed to be sampled from a larger population.

[Wikipedia: Philip Huggins] Huggins was educated at Monash University and ordained in 1977. He began his ordained ministry in the Diocese of Bendigo. After this he was an industrial chaplain in the Diocese of Melbourne and a chaplain at Monash University. In 1988 he was the unsuccessful Labor candidate for the Victorian Legislative Assembly seat of Berwick. From 1991 he was Vicar of Williamstown and, from 1994, the Archdeacon of Essendon. He was a regional bishop in the Diocese of Perth from 1995 to 1998; the diocesan Bishop of Grafton from 1998 to 2003; and has been a regional bishop in the Diocese of Melbourne since 2004. He is married to Elizabeth Cuming.

[Wikipedia: Greater Newport Rural Historic District] Greater Newport Rural Historic District is a national historic district located near Newport, Giles County, Virginia. It encompasses a total of 737 contributing buildings and 25 contributing structures in the rural area near the village of Newport. It encompasses the previously listed Newport Historic District. The district includes primarily 19th- and early-20th-century farmsteads and complexes. Notable buildings include the "Camper" Cabin (late 18th century), Albert Meredith Cabin (c. 1840), E. L. Lucas House (c. 1850), Moses Atkins House (1837), William Lafon House (1855), Doak Lucas House (1860), Leonard Kessinger House (1871), Martin Farrier House (1905), Steve and Lori Taylor House (1938), Upper Spruce Run School (1890), Clover Hollow Christian Church (1921), Sherry Memorial Church, Old Cook Mill (c. 1910), three standing diminutive Burr covered bridges, a smelting furnace (1871), the Mountain Lake Hotel Resort, and the Biological Station of the University of Virginia (1934).

[Wikipedia: Swedish governmental line of succession] The Swedish constitution of 1974 allows the Prime Minister of Sweden to appoint one of the Ministers in the cabinet as Deputy Prime Minister ("biträdande statsminister", also unofficially known as "vice statsminister", "Vice Prime Minister"), in case the Prime Minister for some reason is prevented from performing his or her duties. However, if a Deputy Prime Minister has not been appointed, the Minister in the cabinet who has served the longest time (and if there are several with equal experience the one who is oldest) takes over as head of government. Note that the person acting as Prime Minister does not do so on a permanent basis: if a Prime Minister dies, resigns or loses a vote of confidence in the Riksdag, the Speaker of the Riksdag will then confer with the parties of the Riksdag and propose a new Prime Minister, who must be tolerated by a majority of the Riksdag. If the Prime Minister has resigned or lost a vote of confidence, he or she will remain the head of a government "ad interim" until the new Prime Minister assumes his or her office. The only case where the governmental line of succession becomes relevant is when the Prime Minister dies (upon which the person next in the line of succession serves as the head of a government "ad interim") or when the Prime Minister is on leave or for any other reason incapable of serving, but still remains in office. This might be compared to the Presidential line of succession in the United States, where the person next in line assumes the Presidency throughout the remainder of the term if the President dies, resigns or is impeached.

[Wikipedia: Monk Magazine] Monk: The Mobile Magazine was a travel magazine published from 1986 to 1997 by James Crotty and Michael Lane, aka the Monks. The magazine began publication when Crotty and Lane left San Francisco to travel across the United States by RV. They published a glossy magazine to document their travels, a publication that became a cult hit. In their travels the Monks interviewed numerous off-beat and counterculture figures such as Annie Sprinkle, Quentin Crisp, Kurt Cobain, Dan Savage and Gus Van Sant and offered tips on what unusual sights one should see when traveling.

[Wikipedia: Extinction (2015 film)] Extinction (formerly known as Welcome to Harmony) is a 2015 post-apocalyptic horror film directed by Miguel Ángel Vivas who also co-wrote the screenplay with Alberto Marini from the novel "Y pese a todo" by Juan de Dios Garduño. The film stars Matthew Fox, Jeffrey Donovan and Quinn McColgan. In a post-apocalypse future, three survivors confront issues from their past, as well as a race of crazed zombies. The film was released on July 31, 2015 in the United States.

[Wikipedia: Paul O'Neill (baseball)] Paul Andrew O'Neill (born February 25, 1963) is a retired right fielder and Major League Baseball player who won five World Series while playing for the Cincinnati Reds (1985–1992) and New York Yankees (1993–2001). In a 17-year career, O'Neill compiled 281 home runs, 1,269 runs batted in, 2,107 hits, and a lifetime batting average of .288. O'Neill won the American League batting title in 1994 with a .359 average and was a five-time All-Star in 1991, 1994, 1995, 1997 and 1998.

[Wikipedia: 2017 Dubai Tennis Championships – Men's Doubles] Simone Bolelli and Andreas Seppi were the defending champions, but Bolelli chose to compete in São Paulo instead. Seppi played alongside Jeevan Nedunchezhiyan in the qualifying tournament, but lost in the qualifying competition to James Cerretani and Philipp Oswald.

[Wikipedia: Achim Warmbold] Achim Warmbold (born 17 July 1941) is a German former rally driver. He won the West German Rally Championship in 1971 and 1980, and scored two outright victories during the inaugural World Rally Championship season in 1973 at the Rally of Poland and Austrian Alpine Rally events.

[Wikipedia: Carol Shields] Carol Ann Shields, {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (née Warner; June 2, 1935 – July 16, 2003) was an American-born Canadian novelist and short story writer. She is best known for her 1993 novel "The Stone Diaries", which won the U.S. Pulitzer Prize for Fiction as well as the Governor General's Award in Canada.

[Wikipedia: Karan Malhotra] Karan Malhotra is an Indian film director and screenwriter. He is best known for his debut film Agneepath. Before marking his directorial debut in 2012 with Dharma Productions, he worked for ten years as an assistant director in the Hindi film industry.

[Wikipedia: AOL] AOL (formerly a company known as AOL Inc., originally known as America Online, and stylized as Aol) is a web portal and online service provider based in New York. It is a brand marketed by Oath, a subsidiary of Verizon Communications. AOL was one of the early pioneers of the Internet in the mid-1990s, and the most recognized brand on the web in the U.S. It originally provided a dial-up service to millions of Americans, as well as providing a web portal, e-mail, instant messaging and later a web browser following its purchase of Netscape. At the height of its popularity, it purchased the media conglomerate Time Warner in the largest merger in U.S. history. AOL rapidly declined thereafter, partly due to the decline of dial-up to broadband. AOL was eventually spun off from Time Warner in 2009, with Tim Armstrong appointed the new CEO. Under his leadership, the company invested in media brands and advertising technologies.

[Wikipedia: Flora of Western Australia] The flora of Western Australia comprises 10,252 published native vascular plant species and a further 1,245 unpublished species. They occur within 1,543 genera from 211 families; there are also 1,276 naturalised alien or invasive plant species more commonly known as weeds. There are an estimated 150,000 cryptogam species or nonvascular plants which include lichens, and fungi although only 1,786 species have been published, with 948 algae and 672 lichen the majority.

[Wikipedia: Hook and Ladder No. 4] Hook and Ladder No. 4, originally Truck No. 4, is a firehouse located at Delaware Avenue (U.S. Route 9W and New York State Route 443) in Albany, New York, United States. It is an elaborate brick structure in the Dutch Colonial Revival architectural style, designed by Albany architect Marcus T. Reynolds, and completed in 1912. In 2001 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.

[Wikipedia: WUCG-LP] WUCG-LP is a Christian Music, Southern Gospel, and Bluegrass Gospel formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Blairsville, Georgia, serving Blairsville and Union County, Georgia. WUCG-LP is owned and operated by The Missionary Quartermaster, Inc.

[Wikipedia: Pachyornis] Pachyornis is an extinct genus of ratites from New Zealand which belonged to the moa family. Like all ratites it was a member of the order Struthioniformes. The Struthioniformes are flightless birds with a sternum without a keel. They also have a distinctive palate. This genus contains three species, and are part of the Anomalopteryginae or lesser moa subfamily. "Pachyornis" moa were the stoutest and most heavy-legged genus of the family. The most notable species being "Pachyornis elephantopus" - the Heavy-Footed Moa. They were generally similar to the Eastern Moa or the Broad-billed moa of the genus "Euryapteryx", but differed in having a pointed bill and being more heavyset in general. At least one species ("P. australis") is assumed to have had a crest of long feathers on its head. The species became rapidly extinct following human colonization of New Zealand, with the possible exception of "P. australis", which may have already been extinct by then.

[Wikipedia: Japan 2022 FIFA World Cup bid] The Japan 2022 FIFA World Cup bid is the second official bid from the Japan Football Association or the JFA. Had this bid been successful, Japan would have been hosting their second World Cup Finals and it would have been their first solo hosting since they shared the 2002 FIFA World Cup with other co-host South Korea, becoming the sixth nation to host the tournament twice, after Italy, France, Mexico, Brazil and (West) Germany. On May 4, 2010, the Japanese Football Association Bid team decided to concentrate solely on winning the right to host the 2022 FIFA World Cup.

[Wikipedia: Upplandsmuseet] Upplandsmuseet is the county museum of Uppsala County in Sweden. The institution is responsible for preservation and conducting research in the area of the cultural history and archaeology of the county, including the city of Uppsala (parts of the historical province of Uppland, from which the museum takes its name, belong to Stockholm County). The permanent exhibition covers subjects such as the history of the city, of Uppsala Cathedral, and of student life at Uppsala University.

[Wikipedia: Nina Bawden] Nina Bawden CBE FRSL JP (19 January 1925 – 22 August 2012) was an English novelist and children's writer. She was shortlisted for the Booker Prize in 1987 and the Lost Man Booker Prize in 2010. She is one of very few who have both served as a Booker judge and made the shortlist as an author.

[Wikipedia: Arkansas literature] Arkansas literature has an emerging consciousness, though it still lags behind other Southern states such as Mississippi and Georgia in the promotion of its literary culture. University of Arkansas Press is probably the state's largest publisher of books, though there do exist some notable small presses in the state: August House, Rose Publishing Group, and Chenault and Gray. The University of Arkansas's M.F.A. program has graduated a number of notable writers, including Lewis Nordan, John Dufresne, Steve Yarbrough, and more. In 2004, the state held the first annual Arkansas Literary Festival in Little Rock, attracting famous writers from around the nation. The Porter Prize is the state's most prestigious literary award.

[Wikipedia: Fort Minor Militia EP] Militia, also known as the Fort Minor Militia EP, is the debut extended play, which was released on November 22, 2006 via Machine Shop by Linkin Park co-vocalist Mike Shinoda for his well-known hip-hop-based side-project Fort Minor. The EP was the first official debut EP by Fort Minor, and it is produced by Machine Shop. Production was handled by Shinoda, and executive production was handled by Jay-Z, credited as Shawn Carter.

[Wikipedia: Sioux Falls Regional Airport] Sioux Falls Regional Airport (IATA: FSD, ICAO: KFSD, FAA LID: FSD) , also known as Joe Foss Field, is a public and military use airport owned by the Sioux Falls Regional Airport Authority and located three nautical miles (6 km) northwest of the central business district of Sioux Falls, a city in Minnehaha County, South Dakota, United States. Named in honor of aviator Joe Foss, it serves the greater Sioux Falls area, as well as communities throughout eastern South Dakota, southwestern Minnesota and northwestern Iowa.

[Wikipedia: Colorado's 4th congressional district] Colorado's 4th congressional district is a congressional district in the U.S. state of Colorado. Located in the eastern part of the state, the district encompasses most of the rural Eastern Plains as well as the larger city of Greeley, Lamar, and Castle Rock along Colorado's Front Range in eastern Colorado. Interactive map of Colorado's 4th Congressional District.

[Wikipedia: Katharine Graham] Katharine Meyer Graham (June 16, 1917 – July 17, 2001) was an American publisher. She led her family's newspaper, "The Washington Post", for more than two decades, overseeing its most famous period, the Watergate coverage that eventually led to the resignation of President Richard Nixon. Her memoir, "Personal History", won the Pulitzer Prize in 1998.

[Wikipedia: 2010 La Manga Cup] The 2010 La Manga Cup was an exhibition international club football (soccer) competition featuring football club teams from Europe and North America, which was held in February 2010. All matches were played in La Manga Stadium in La Manga Club, Spain. This was the thirteenth La Manga Cup. The tournament was won by Molde, who beat FC Nordsjælland 2–1 in the final.

[Wikipedia: Jayamala (actress)] Jayamala is a Kannada (Indian) film actress. Her films include "Giri Kanye", "Shankar Guru", "Aaj Ka Ye Ghar", "Sampoorna Teerth Yatraa", "Balak", "Spy in Rome", "Love and Murder" and "Harishchandra Taramati". She has also produced the film "Aaj Ka Ye Ghar".

[Wikipedia: End of the World (Parks and Recreation)] End of the World is the sixth episode of the fourth season of the NBC sitcom "Parks and Recreation". It originally aired in the United States on November 3, 2011. "End of the World" was written by Michael Schur and was directed by Dean Holland. Overall, it is the 52nd episode of Park and Recreation. The episode features a doomsday cult, the Resonabilists (also known derogatorily as "Zorpies"), who predict that the world is coming to an end.

[Wikipedia: Mike Barbarick] Mike Barbarick is a retired American soccer goalkeeper who played professionally in the North American Soccer League, American Soccer League, United Soccer League and American Indoor Soccer Association.

[Wikipedia: Clara Muhammad] Clara Muhammad (November 2, 1899 – August 12, 1972), aka Clara Poole, was born Clara Evans in Macon, Georgia, the daughter of Mary Lou (Thomas) and Quartus Evans. She was the first wife of Nation of Islam leader Elijah Muhammad. They married in Georgia in 1917, before he changed his name from Elijah Poole. Between 1917 and 1939, Elijah and Clara Muhammad had eight children: six boys and two girls, including Warith Deen Muhammad.

[Wikipedia: White Dog Fell from the Sky] White Dog Fell from the Sky is a 2012 fiction novel by Eleanor Morse. The book was published on January 3, 2013 through Viking Adult and is set in 1970s apartheid South Africa.

[Wikipedia: Brooklyn Bushwicks] The Brooklyn Bushwicks were an independent, semi-professional baseball team that played its games almost totally in Dexter Park in Queens from 1913 to 1951. They were unique at their time for fielding multi-ethnic rosters. They played what amounts to exhibition games against barnstorming Negro league teams, minor league baseball teams, and other semi-pro teams. The Bushwicks were owned by Max Rosner, who hired many former major league to play on his club, including Dazzy Vance and others. All the famous players of the time came to play exhibitions at Dexter Park including Dizzy Dean, Hank Greenberg, Joe DiMaggio, Babe Ruth, Lou Gehrig, and Joe Medwick. Until he became friends with Rosner, Ruth demanded upfront payments in cash before agreeing to personal appearances. The DiMaggio picture was taken during his debut year with Yankees.

[Wikipedia: Jimmie Walker] James Carter Walker, Jr. (born June 25, 1947), known professionally as Jimmie Walker, is an American actor and comedian. Walker is best known for portraying James Evans, Jr. (J.J.), the oldest son of Florida and James Evans, Sr. on the CBS television series "Good Times" which originally ran from 1974–1979. Walker was nominated for Golden Globe awards "Best Supporting Actor In A Television Series" in 1975 and 1976 for his role. While on the show, Walker's character was known for the catchphrase ""Dy-no-mite!"" which he also used in his mid–1970s TV commercial for a Panasonic line of cassette and 8-track tape players. He also starred in "Let's Do It Again" with John Amos, and "The Greatest Thing That Almost Happened" with James Earl Jones. Walker continues to tour the country with his stand-up comedy routine.

[Wikipedia: Sixt] Sixt SE is a European multinational car rental company with about 4,000 locations in over 105 countries. Sixt SE acts as a parent and holding company of the Sixt Group, which is internationally active in the business areas of vehicle rental and leasing. The majority of the company (60%) is owned by the Sixt family, who manage the company. The remaining share is tradeable stock: SIX2 (XETRA). It is the largest car rental company in Germany, Austria, Switzerland, and Israel.

[Wikipedia: Air Bud: World Pup] Air Bud: World Pup (also known as Air Bud 3 in most other countries) is a 2000 made-for-video American film, and the third film in the "Air Bud" series. It was the first Air Bud movie to be filmed without Buddy, the canine star of the first two films; Buddy died after production of the previous film, "".

[Wikipedia: Soyo] Soyo (formerly known as Santo António do Zaire) is a city located in the province of Zaire in Angola, at the mouth of the Congo river. Soyo recently became the largest oil-producing region in the country, with an estimate of 1200000 oilbbl/d .

[Wikipedia: Racheal Lungu] Racheal Lungu (born 13 January 1988) is a Zambian footballer who plays as a midfielder for the Zambia women's national football team. She was part of the team at the 2014 African Women's Championship. On club level she played for Bauleni Sports Academy in Zambia.

[Wikipedia: Pietro Badoglio] Marshal Pietro Badoglio, 1st Duke of Addis Abeba, 1st Marquess of Sabotino (] ; 28 September 1871 – 1 November 1956), was an Italian general during both World Wars and a Prime Minister of Italy, as well as the first viceroy of Italian East Africa.

[Wikipedia: Władysław Szpilman] Władysław Szpilman (] ; 5 December 19116 July 2000) was a Polish pianist and classical composer of Jewish descent. Szpilman is widely known as the central figure in the 2002 Roman Polanski film "The Pianist", which was based on Szpilman's autobiographical account of how he survived the German occupation of Warsaw and the Holocaust.

[Wikipedia: Southern Germany] Southern Germany (German: "Süddeutschland" ) as a region has no exact boundary, but is generally taken to include the areas where Upper German dialects are spoken.

[Wikipedia: Walter de Beauchamp (judge)] Walter de Beauchamp (1195/97–1236) was an English judge, son and heir of William de Beauchamp and Amice de Beauchamp, lord of Elmley, Worcester, and hereditary castellan of Worcester and sheriff of the county. A minor at his father's death, he did not obtain his shrievalty till February 1216. Declaring for Louis of France on his arrival (May 1216), he was excommunicated by the legate at Whitsuntide, and his lands seized by the Marchers. But hastening to make his peace, on the accession of Henry, he was one of the witnesses to his reissue of the charter, and was restored to his shrievalty and castellanship. He also Attested Henry's 'Third Charter,' on 11 February 1225. In May 1226 and in January 1227 he was appointed an itinerant justice, and 14 April 1236 he died, leaving by his wife Joane Mortimer, daughter of his guardian, Roger de Mortimer, whom he had married in 1212, and who died in 1225, a son and heir, William, who married the eventual heiress of the earls of Warwick, and was grandfather of Guy de Beauchamp, 10th Earl of Warwick.

[Wikipedia: Romano-Greek language] Romano-Greek (also referred to as Hellenoromani; ) is a nearly extinct mixed language (referred to as Para-Romani in Romani linguistics), spoken by the Romani people in Greece that arose from language contact between Romani speaking people and the Greek language. The language is expected to be a secret language spoken in Thessaly and Central Greece Administrative Unit. Typologically the language is structured on Greek with heavy lexical borrowing from Romani. Related variants of this language are Dortika. Dortika is a secret language spoken mainly in Athens by traveling builders from Eurytania Prefecture. In both cases, the languages are most likely not native to their speakers.

[Wikipedia: OK Go (album)] OK Go is the debut studio album by American rock band OK Go. It was released in September 2002. The cover was created by designer Stefan Sagmeister.

[Wikipedia: Jim Johnson (ice hockey, born 1962)] James Erik Johnson (born August 9, 1962) is an American ice hockey coach and former player. He is assistant coach for the Edmonton Oilers. Johnson played junior hockey before playing for University of Minnesota Duluth with Brett Hull in 1984. He graduated from Robbinsdale Cooper High School in 1980. During career Johnson played for the Pittsburgh Penguins, Minnesota North Stars, Dallas Stars, Washington Capitals and Phoenix Coyotes.

[Wikipedia: Donald Sutherland] Donald McNichol Sutherland, {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (born 17 July 1935) is a Canadian actor whose film career spans more than five decades.

[Wikipedia: The Old Castle's Secret] "The Old Castle's Secret" is a 32-page funny animal comic book adventure/mystery/horror story written, drawn, and lettered by Carl Barks. It was first published by Dell Publishing in Four Color #189 (June 1948). Characters include Uncle Scrooge, Donald Duck, and Huey, Dewey, and Louie. The story is about a treasure hunt led by Uncle Scrooge through an old castle in Scotland. It is the first of Uncle Scrooge's comic book treasure hunts. The story was published with three one-page gag stories by Barks. The cover is the first comic book cover ever drawn by Barks. The story has been reprinted many times.

[Wikipedia: Webb Mountain Discovery Zone] Webb Mountain Discovery Zone is a park in Monroe, Connecticut, United States. Its mission is to provide excellence in outdoor education and to promote exploration and learning in a fun, hands-on environment as a prototype for the Federal No Child Left Inside initiative. The park covers 170 acre and has 3 loop trails, each with marked interpretive signs. There is also an outdoor classroom for schools and groups, and a scavenger hunt scorecard. The park provides additional educational resources for teachers, as well as programs for school groups, daycare centers, and scouts. The park is owned by the Town of Monroe and administered by the Friends of Webb Mountain.

[Wikipedia: Dorados de Sinaloa] Club Social y Deportivo Dorados de Sinaloa, or simply Dorados, is a Mexican professional football club based in the city of Culiacán. The club plays its home games in Culiacán, Sinaloa, in the northwest of Mexico. Dorados was the youngest franchise to play in the Primera División de México, having joined the division for the first time for the "Apertura 2004" tournament, when Dorados was only one year old. Dorados currently plays in Ascenso MX, the second tier of Mexican football.

[Wikipedia: 1971 NFL season] The 1971 NFL season was the 52nd regular season of the National Football League. The season ended with Super Bowl VI when the Dallas Cowboys defeated the Miami Dolphins 24-3 at Tulane Stadium. The Pro Bowl took place on January 23, 1972 at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum. The AFC beat the NFC 26-13.

[Wikipedia: Plymouth County Correctional Facility] Plymouth County Correctional Facility is a maximum-security prison located in Plymouth, Massachusetts Operated by the Plymouth County Sheriff's Department. The prison is the largest prison in Plymouth, and is much larger than the Massachusetts Correctional Institution - Plymouth, located in the Myles Standish State Forest. The prison is known for housing several celebrity inmates, most notably "" winner Richard Hatch, shoe-bomber Richard Reid, former President of Liberia Charles Taylor, reputed Boston mob boss James "Whitey" Bulger, as well as multiple murderer Gary Sampson, and former New England crime boss Francis "Cadillac Frank" Salemme.

[Wikipedia: Something Wicked This Way Comes (Ugly Betty)] "Something Wicked This Way Comes" is the sixth episode in season two of the dramedy series "Ugly Betty", and the 29th episode in the series, which aired on November 1, 2007. The episode was written by Henry Alonso Myers and directed by Wendey Stanzler. The episode takes its title from the phrase "something wicked this way comes", as well as the fact that this episode features the popular Broadway musical "Wicked" as a date venue.

[Wikipedia: Cognitive authority] According to Rieh (2005), "Patrick Wilson (1983) developed the cognitive authority theory from social epistemology in his book, "Second-hand Knowledge: An Inquiry into Cognitive Authority". The fundamental concept of Wilson’s cognitive authority is that people construct knowledge in two different ways: based on their first-hand experience or on what they have learned second-hand from others. What people learn first-hand depends on the stock of ideas they bring to the interpretation and understanding of their encounters with the world. People primarily depend on others for ideas as well as for information outside the range of direct experience. Much of what they think of the world is what they have gained second-hand. Wilson (1983) argues that all that people know of the world beyond the narrow range of their own lives is what others have told them. However, people do not count all hearsay as equally reliable; only those who are deemed to “know what they are talking about” become cognitive authorities. Wilson coined the term cognitive authority to explain the kind of authority that influences thoughts that people would consciously recognize being proper. Cognitive authority differs from administrative authority or the authority vented in a hierarchical position." (Rieh, 2005).

[Wikipedia: Angus T. Jones] Angus Turner Jones (born October 8, 1993) is an American actor. Jones is best known for playing Jake Harper in the CBS sitcom "Two and a Half Men", for which he had won two Young Artist and a TV Land Award during his 10-year tenure as one of the show's main characters.

[Wikipedia: Bamburgh Dunes] Bamburgh Dunes are a region of coastal sand dunes with an area of over 40 hectares situated around the village of Bamburgh in Northumberland, England. The dunes, which stand in the shadow of the impressive Bamburgh Castle, have been a Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI) since 1995 and are part of the North Northumberland Dunes Special Area of Conservation (SAC). The dunes have a rich diversity of flora and fauna and in places provide good examples of “climbing dunes” found where sand has been blown onto high ground adjacent to the beach.

[Wikipedia: Strangers from the Universe] Strangers from the Universe is the fifth album by Thinking Fellers Union Local 282, released on September 12, 1994 through Matador Records.

[Wikipedia: Akaneiro ni Somaru Saka] Akaneiro ni Somaru Saka (あかね色に染まる坂 , lit. "The Hill Dyed Rose Madder") , also known in short as "Akasaka", is a Japanese adult visual novel developed by Feng and first released for the PC as a DVD on July 27, 2007. A version without adult content was released under the title "Akaneiro ni Somaru Saka: Parallel" on July 31, 2008 by GN Software for the PlayStation 2. A port of this version of the game was released for the PlayStation Portable on December 17, 2009 under the title "Akaneiro ni Somaru Saka: Portable". The gameplay in "Akaneiro ni Somaru Saka" follows a plot line which offers pre-determined scenarios with courses of interaction, and focuses on the appeal of the six female main characters. Two light novels were produced in December 2007 and February 2008 written by different authors, and an Internet radio show began in April 2008. A manga adaptation began serialization in Kadokawa Shoten's seinen magazine "Comp Ace" on June 26, 2008 illustrated by Homare Sakazuki. An anime adaptation produced by TNK and directed by Keitaro Motonaga aired in Japan between October and December 2008.

[Wikipedia: Goin' South] Goin' South is a 1978 American western-comedy film, directed by and starring Jack Nicholson, with Mary Steenburgen, Christopher Lloyd, John Belushi, Richard Bradford, Veronica Cartwright, Danny DeVito and Ed Begley, Jr.

[Wikipedia: Grand River (Oklahoma)] The Grand River is an alternate name for the lower section of the Neosho River, a tributary of the Arkansas River in Oklahoma. "Grand River" refers to the section of river below the confluence of the Neosho and Spring rivers in Ottawa County near Miami. It empties into the Arkansas northeast of Muskogee, just downstream from the confluence of the Verdigris River with the Arkansas. The area of convergence of the three rivers Arkansas, Verdigris and Neosho is called "Three Forks".

[Wikipedia: Jacqueline Left Hand Bull] Jacqueline Left Hand Bull (formerly Delahunt, born in 1943), member of the Sicangu Lakota of the Rosebud Sioux Tribe, was brought up in her view in a traditional Lakota way by her grandparents and parents. She became a member of the Bahá'í Faith in 1981, appointed a Continental Counselor in 1988, and was elected as Chair of the National Spiritual Assembly of the Bahá'ís of the United States in 2007. The family history of the name "Left Hand Bull" involves the elder brother of a family who had done the difficult task of hunting a Buffalo from the left side and was known to provide for more than his family in his hunting. Years later the younger brother reconnected with the elder and undertook to greatly honor the elder in a ceremony and in return the elder brother traded his name. She shares a short stature with this younger brother who was given the name "Left Hand Bull".

[Wikipedia: Ruslan Bashkirov] Ruslan Bashkirov (born March 7, 1989) is a Russian professional ice hockey player. Bashkirov is currently a member of Amur Khabarovsk of the Russian KHL. On June 23, 2007, he was drafted in the second round, 60th overall, by the Ottawa Senators in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft held in Columbus, Ohio. He is 6'0" tall and weighs 184 pounds. He plays as a forward, and shoots left. He is the twin brother of ice hockey player Roman Bashkirov.

[Wikipedia: Bride of Re-Animator] Bride of Re-Animator is a 1990 American science-fiction horror film directed by Brian Yuzna and was written by Yuzna, Rick Fry and Woody Keith. H. P. Lovecraft wrote the original serialized story, titled "Herbert West–Reanimator", from which the characters were derived. The plot roughly follows episodes "V. The Horror from the Shadows" and "VI. The Tomb-Legions" of the original. The film stars Bruce Abbott, Claude Earl Jones, Fabiana Udenio, David Gale, Kathleen Kinmont, and Jeffrey Combs.

[Wikipedia: The Chain of Love] "The Chain of Love" is a song written by Rory Lee Feek and Jonnie Barnett, and recorded by American country music singer Clay Walker. It was released in January 2000 as the third single from his album "Live, Laugh, Love". "The Chain of Love" reached a peak of number 3 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts, providing Walker with his thirteenth Top Ten hit on that chart. It was also his second Top 40 hit on the "Billboard" Hot 100.

[Wikipedia: Earl Cowper] Earl Cowper (pronounced "Cooper") was a title in the Peerage of Great Britain. It was created in 1718 by George I for William Cowper, 1st Baron Cowper, his first Lord Chancellor, with remainder in default of male issue of his own to his younger brother, Spencer Cowper. Cowper had already been created Baron Cowper of Wingham in the County of Kent, in the Peerage of England on 14 December 1706, with normal remainder to the heirs male of his body, and was made Viscount Fordwich, in the County of Kent, at the same time as he was given the earldom, also Peerage of Great Britain and with similar remainder. He was the great-grandson of William Cowper, who was created a Baronet, of Ratling Court in the County of Kent, in the Baronetage of England on 4 March 1642. The latter was succeeded by his grandson, the second Baronet. He represented Hertford in Parliament. He was succeeded by his eldest son, the aforementioned William Cowper, the third Baronet, who was elevated to the peerage as Baron Cowper in 1706 and made Earl Cowper in 1718. In 1706 Lord Cowper married as his second wife Mary Clavering, daughter of John Clavering, of Chopwell, County Durham.

[Wikipedia: Howl's Moving Castle] Howl's Moving Castle is a fantasy novel by British author Diana Wynne Jones, first published in 1986 by Greenwillow Books of New York. It was a runner-up for the annual Boston Globe–Horn Book Award and it won the Phoenix Award twenty years later, recognising its rise from relative obscurity. In 2004 it was adapted as an animated film of the same name, which was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature.

[Wikipedia: Brendan Drew] Brendan Gerrard Drew (born 16 December 1983, Lismore, New South Wales) is an Australian cricketer, who played domestic cricket for the Tasmanian Tigers. When not on Tasmanian duty, Drew played Tasmanian club cricket for the Lindisfarne Cricket Club. A tall bowler who generates a lot of pace and bounce, Drew arrived in Tasmania mid-season in 2005 to fill in for a bowling attack struck by injury. He had a solid 2006 season, taking 20 Pura Cup wickets at 31.60 in six matches, and was 12th man in the Tasmania's historic first ever Pura Cup win in 2006/07. Drew later moved to Victoria and played premier cricket for Camberwell, and won the Jack Ryder Medal as Premier Cricket's best player in 2016/17.

[Wikipedia: Hard Sell (film)] Hard Sell is an American comedy-drama written and directed by Sean Nalaboff in his directorial debut. The film stars Katrina Bowden, Skyler Gisondo, and Kristin Chenoweth, with Hannah Marks and Kevin Kilner in supporting roles.

[Wikipedia: Bryant Bulldogs baseball] The Bryant Bulldogs baseball team is the varsity intercollegiate baseball team of Bryant University, located in Smithfield, Rhode Island. The program has been a member of the Northeast Conference (NEC) since the 2010 season. It plays at Conaty Park on the northern edge of Bryant's campus. Steve Owens has been the program's head coach since the 2011 season.

[Wikipedia: Reveal Fantasia] Reveal Fantasia (リーヴェルファンタジア～マリエルと妖精物語～ , Riberu Fantajia Marieru to Yousei Monogatari ) Is a Fantasy role playing video game released in 2002 for the PlayStation 2 console by Victor Interactive Software, Inc. in Japan. The game involved an innovative concept of a role playing game involving no battles or fighting. Its game play shows some influence from dating simulation games. The game was never released outside Japan.

[Wikipedia: Fort Wayne, Indiana] Fort Wayne is a city in the U.S. state of Indiana and the seat of Allen County. Located in northeastern Indiana, the city is 18 mi west of the Ohio border and 50 mi south of the Michigan border. With an estimated population of 264,488 in 2016, Fort Wayne is the 77th most populous city in the United States and the second largest in Indiana, after Indianapolis. It is the principal city of the Fort Wayne metropolitan area, consisting of Allen, Wells, and Whitley counties, a combined population of 419,453 as of 2011. In addition to the three core counties, the combined statistical area (CSA) includes Adams, DeKalb, Huntington, Noble, and Steuben counties, with an estimated population of 615,077.

[Wikipedia: Kelly Services] Kelly Services, Inc. (formerly Russell Kelly Office Service and Kelly Girl Service, Inc.) is an American office staffing and workforce solutions company that operates globally. The company places employees at all levels in various sectors including the financial services, information technology, and law industries. It also offers professional services, including human resource and management consulting, outsourcing, recruitment, career transition, and vendor management services. Kelly Services was founded by William Russell Kelly in 1946 and is headquartered in Troy, Michigan. In 2015, the company reported 8,100 employees, $5.5 billion in revenue, and placed 550,000 employees to work in positions in various sectors, making it one of the world's largest staffing firms.

[Wikipedia: Nanjing (disambiguation)] Nanjing means 'southern capital' and is the name of the current capital of Jiangsu Province and a former capital of China. It was formerly romanized as Nanking or Nankin.

[Wikipedia: Doping in baseball] Banned substances in baseball has been an ongoing issue for Major League Baseball. Several players have come forward in recent years to suggest that drug use is rampant in baseball. David Wells stated that "25 to 40 percent of all Major Leaguers are juiced". Jose Canseco stated on "60 Minutes" and in his tell-all book "" that as many as 80% of players used steroids, and that he credited steroid use for his entire career. Ken Caminiti revealed that he won the National League MVP award while on steroids. In February 2009, after reports emerged alleging that Alex Rodriguez tested positive for steroids in , a year in which he was American League MVP, he admitted to having used performance-enhancing drugs (PEDs) between and 2003. Mark McGwire, dogged by allegations of PED use for years, admitted in January 2010 that he had used steroids and human growth hormone off and on for over a decade, including in when he set the single-season home run record.

[Wikipedia: Con Mine] The Con Mine (1938-2003) was the first gold mine developed in the Northwest Territories, Canada, just south of Yellowknife. The property was staked by Consolidated Mining and Smelting Company of Canada (Cominco) in September 1935 in response to the discovery of visible gold nearby; the name "Con" is an abbreviation of "Consolidated". The advent of winter prevented any prospecting from being conducted, but work in the summer of 1936 led to the discovery of numerous gold veins. The Con Mine entered production in 1938 and ceased operations in 2003. It has produced over 5000000 ozt of gold from 12,195,585 tons of ore processed. The mine was over 6000 ft deep.

[Wikipedia: General Post Office, Belgrade] Main Post Office Building in Belgrade is located on the corner of Takovska Street and Boulevard of Kralj Aleksandar, close to the National Assembly, the building of the President of Serbia (the building of the New Palace) and the Belgrade City Assembly (the building of the Old Palace). It is one of the most representative buildings of the most important state institution for postal traffic and services. It was constructed in the period from 1935 to 1938 as the palace of the Post Office Savings Bank, the Main Post Office and the Main Telegraph. Since the completion of the work to date, the part of the palace from Takovska Street designed for the work of the Main Post Office has not changed its basic purpose. On the other hand, the part of the palace from Boulevard of Kralj Aleksandar in which the Post Office Savings Bank was located, from 1946 to September 2006, was used to house the National Bank until its relocation to a new facility on Slavija Square. Since 2003, some ministries of the Republic of Serbia were located in this building, and since 2013, it is used by the Constitutional Court of Serbia. The same year, in 2013, the Palace of the Main Post Office was declared a cultural monument.

[Wikipedia: The Smurfs: The Legend of Smurfy Hollow] The Smurfs: The Legend of Smurfy Hollow is an American computer/traditionally animated short film based on "The Smurfs" comic book series created by the Belgian comics artist Peyo. The animated short was written by Todd Berger and directed by Stephan Franck, and it stars the voices of Melissa Sturm, Fred Armisen, Anton Yelchin, Alan Cumming and Hank Azaria. The film was produced by Sony Pictures Animation with the animation by Sony Pictures Imageworks and Duck Studios. "The Smurfs: The Legend of Smurfy Hollow" was released on DVD on September 10, 2013. The film is loosely based on Washington Irving's short story "The Legend of Sleepy Hollow".

[Wikipedia: Shishou] Shishou ( ; ) is a county-level city under the administration of the prefectural-level city Jingzhou, in the south of Hubei province, China, near its border with Hunan province. Located in the middle reaches of the Yangtze River and on the shores of Dongting Lake, Shishou is known as a land overflowing with rice and fish. The Swan Islet Wetland of the Yangtze River in this area is the world’s largest national natural reserve both for wild elks(Milu, or David Deer) and for Chinese river dolphins (finless porpoises). The Shishou City National Baiji Reserve for Chinese river dolphins is nearby. It shares its name with a stream flowing into the Yangtze River. In addition, the area enjoys convenient transportation, with an hour’s drive from Yueyang East Railway Station on the Beijing-Guangzhou high-speed railway line (90 kilometers of expressway), and 70 kilometers from Jingzhou Railway Station on the Shanghai-Wuhan-Chengdu high-speed railway line. Moreover, Shishou boasts a diversified landscape, including mountains, hills, lakes, rivers, terraces and plains, as well as abundant resources such as rice, cotton, oil plants, eggs, fish, and lotus roots.

[Wikipedia: 2011–12 Seton Hall Pirates men's basketball team] The 2011–12 Seton Hall Pirates men's basketball team represented Seton Hall University during the 2011–12 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Pirates, led by head coach Kevin Willard, played its home games in Newark, New Jersey at the Prudential Center and are members of the Big East Conference. They finished the season 21–13, 8–10 in Big East play to finish in a tie for eighth place. They lost in the second round of the Big East Basketball Tournament to Louisville. They were invited to the 2012 National Invitation Tournament, where they hosted two home games played at Walsh Gymnasium and lost in the second round to Massachusetts.

[Wikipedia: Espresso machine] An espresso machine brews coffee by forcing pressurized water near boiling point through a "puck" of ground coffee and a filter in order to produce a thick, concentrated coffee called espresso. The first machine for making espresso was built and patented in 1884 by Angelo Moriondo of Turin, Italy. An improved design was patented on April 28, 1903, by Luigi Bezzera. Patent no: US726793 A, which was bought by the founder of the La Pavoni company which from 1905 produced espresso machines commercially on a small scale in Milan. Multiple machine designs have been created to produce espresso. Several machines share some common elements, such as a grouphead and a portafilter. An espresso machine may also have a steam wand which is used to steam and froth liquids, to include milk, for coffee drinks such as cappuccino and caffe latte.

[Wikipedia: The Seven Messengers] The Seven Messengers (Italian: I sette messaggeri ) is a collection of short stories written by Dino Buzzati and published as a book in 1942. It contains nineteen short tales, in which the characters often interact with the presence of the fantastic and/or death, many of which are left unconcluded, leaving the reader in suspense or trying to guess their ending. "The Seven Messengers" is also the name of the book's first short story.

[Wikipedia: Papa's Bounce] Papa's Bounce is an album by Ethnic Heritage Ensemble, a jazz band formed by percussionist Kahil El'Zabar, who is joined by trombonist Joseph Bowie, saxophonist Ernest Dawkins and percussionist 'Atu' Harold Murray. It was recorded in 1998 and released on CIMP.

[Wikipedia: Ceanothus sanguineus] Ceanothus sanguineus is a species of shrub in the buckthorn family Rhamnaceae known by the common name redstem ceanothus. It is native to western North America from British Columbia to Montana to far northern California; it is also known from Michigan. It grows in temperate coniferous forest habitat in forest openings amidst the conifers. This is an erect shrub approaching 3 meters in maximum height. Its stem is red to purple in color, its woody parts green and hairless when new. The deciduous leaves are alternately arranged and up to about 10 centimeters long. They are thin, light green, oval, and generally edged with glandular teeth. The undersides are sometimes hairy. The inflorescence is a cluster of white flowers up to about 12 centimeters long. The fruit is a three-lobed smooth capsule about 4 millimeters long. This shrub is an important food plant for wild ungulates such as the Rocky Mountain Elk, it is browsed eagerly by many types of livestock, and the seed is consumed by many types of animals.

[Wikipedia: Mathematical Foundations of Quantum Mechanics] The book Mathematical Foundations of Quantum Mechanics (1932) by John von Neumann is an important early work in the development of quantum theory.

[Wikipedia: Sarasota County Sheriff's Office] Sarasota County Sheriff's Office (SSO) is the primary law enforcement agency for Sarasota County, Florida. The agency is responsible for law enforcement services in unincorporated areas of Sarasota County (home to over 60 percent of the county's residents), jail facilities and courthouse security for Florida's 12th Judicial Circuit. SSO also operates Public Safety Communications (PSC), the county's primary 911 center.

[Wikipedia: Kate Taylor (album)] Kate Taylor is singer Kate Taylor's second album, released May 4, 1978. The album included Taylor's sole chart single: her version of "It's in His Kiss (The Shoop Shoop Song)", recorded in August 1977 to peak at number 49 that autumn; the "Kate Taylor" album also introduced the singer's remakes of "A Fool in Love", "It's Growin'" and "Stubborn Kind of Woman" (originally "Stubborn Kind of Fellow"); the track "It's Growin'" was issued as a single in July 1978. The album's other tracks included the debut versions of two James Taylor compositions: "Happy Birthday Sweet Darling" and "Slow and Steady", and also Kate Taylor's rendition of "Rodeo", composed by her brother Livingston Taylor for his 1973 album "Over the Rainbow". "Kate Taylor" also included the B-side of "It's in His Kiss": the self-penned "Jason & Ida", and introduced "Tiah's Cove" — written by Kate Taylor's husband Charlie Witham - and also the Walter Robinson composition "Harriet Tubman": the latter is described by James Taylor biographer Timothy White as "a searing latterday spiritual" which is "the highpoint of Kate's exceptional eleven song set."

[Wikipedia: Catinella arenaria] Catinella arenaria (syn. "Quickella arenaria") is a species of land snail in the family Succineidae, the amber snails. It is known commonly as the sandbowl snail.

[Wikipedia: Harbour View High School] Harbour View High School is a high school located in Saint John, New Brunswick, Canada. There are many students attending grades 9-12 there. The school has 63 staff members. The school's Principal is "Mr. Micheal Butler" and the two Vice Principals are "Mrs. MacGregor (11-12)" and "Mrs. Curwin (9-10)", HVHS was formed in 1997 with 900 students, when the former Saint John Vocational School (200 students) was transformed into HVHS to accommodate School District 8's new geographic zoning policy for its 5 high schools. In 2001, the school population was over 1300. Harbour View High, despite its location in Saint John's North End, was meant to serve the high school students for Saint John, New Brunswick's Westside, the Grand Bay–Westfield area, and Fundy Shores Dipper Harbour. The school, although no longer formally a vocational school, still carries many trade-related options. A full range of academic courses exists alongside many vocational-type courses from Metals Processing to Business to Child Studies. Harbour View also has a selection of Fine Arts courses which, alongside visual arts and music, offers Fine Arts 110, History of Rock and Roll, and Graphic Art & Design.

[Wikipedia: Yellow (Coldplay song)] "Yellow" is a song by the British rock band Coldplay. The band wrote the song and co-produced it with British record producer Ken Nelson for their debut album, "Parachutes" (2000). The song's lyrics are a reference to the band's lead singer Chris Martin's unrequited love.

[Wikipedia: Hush… Hush, Sweet Charlotte] Hush...Hush, Sweet Charlotte is a 1964 American psychological thriller film directed and produced by Robert Aldrich, and starring Bette Davis, Olivia de Havilland, Joseph Cotten, Agnes Moorehead and Mary Astor in her final film role.

[Wikipedia: Michelle Fields] Michelle Fields (born c. 1988) is an American political journalist who formerly wrote for "The Huffington Post" and was a reporter for Breitbart News, as well as a Fox News contributor. After graduating from college Fields was hired as a reporter at "The Daily Caller". She later became a correspondent for PJ Media. Fields is a former panelist on the Fox News program "Cashin' In". In 2016, Fields gained notability when she accused Donald Trump's campaign manager Corey Lewandowski of grabbing her arm at a press conference. At the time, Fields was a reporter for Breitbart; she resigned her position there in March 2016 due to the organization's handling of the Lewandowski incident.

[Wikipedia: PEN America] PEN America: A Journal for Writers and Readers is an annual literary journal that features fiction, poetry, conversation, criticism, and memoir. It is published by PEN American Center in New York City. Contributors include Yousef Al-Mohaimeed, Paul Auster, Michael Cunningham, Lydia Davis, Petina Gappah, Nikki Giovanni, Rawi Hage, Shahriar Mandanipour, Colum McCann, Michael Ondaatje, Marilynne Robinson, Salman Rushdie, Susan Sontag, John Edgar Wideman, and many others.

[Wikipedia: Homestake Mine (South Dakota)] The Homestake Mine was a deep underground gold mine located in Lead, South Dakota. Until it closed in 2002 it was the largest and deepest gold mine in North America. The mine produced more than 40,000,000 ozt of gold during its lifetime. The Homestake Mine is famous in scientific circles for being the site at which the solar neutrino problem was first discovered. This became known as the Homestake Experiment. The deep underground laboratory was set up by Raymond Davis Jr. in the mid-1960s to become the first experiment to observe solar neutrinos.

[Wikipedia: Die anderen Bands] Die anderen Bands (] , "the other bands") is a term combining alternative music bands of 1980s GDR (East Germany). They shared a more or less open criticism of their country's political system, and a high degree of creativity which was lacking from the more established music scene of East Germany. Many members of these bands played significant parts during the time of political change "Wende" in 1989. The bands came from a broad range of musical genres, especially Punk, Blues, Wave, Indie and Electronic music.

[Wikipedia: SS General von Steuben] SS "General von Steuben was a German passenger liner and later an armed transport in the Kriegsmarine of Nazi Germany that was sunk during World War II. She was launched as München (sometimes spelled Muenchen), renamed in 1930 as General von Steuben (after the famous German officer of the American Revolutionary War), and renamed again in 1938 as Steuben".

[Wikipedia: 2013 Wimbledon Championships – Men's Doubles] Jonathan Marray and Frederik Nielsen were the defending champions, but decided not to play together. Marray played alongside Colin Fleming, but lost to Robert Lindstedt and Daniel Nestor in the third round. Nielsen paired up with Grigor Dimitrov, but lost to Julien Benneteau and Nenad Zimonjić in the second round.

[Wikipedia: Love Thy Neighbor (1940 film)] Love Thy Neighbor is a film produced by Paramount in 1940 which starred Jack Benny and Fred Allen, directed by Mark Sandrich. It features Mary Martin with her famous fur coat striptease performance of "My Heart Belongs to Daddy" which is set in a stage revue.

[Wikipedia: Gatwick Airport] Gatwick Airport (also known as London Gatwick) (IATA: LGW, ICAO: EGKK) is a major international airport in south-east England, 29.5 mi south of Central London and 2.7 NM north of Crawley. It is the second-busiest airport by total passenger traffic in the United Kingdom, after London Heathrow. Gatwick is the eighth-busiest airport in Europe. Until 2016, it was the busiest single-use runway airport in the world before being overtaken by Mumbai's Chhatrapati Shivaji International Airport.

[Wikipedia: Jaroslava Siktancova] Jaroslava Siktancova is an actress. She played Shadout Mapes in the 2000 sci-fi TV movie of Frank Herbert's "Dune". She has also played a minor role in the Emmy Award-winning TV miniseries "".

[Wikipedia: 2014–15 Colgate Raiders women's basketball team] The 2014–15 Colgate Raiders women's basketball team represented Colgate University during the 2014–15 NCAA Division I women's basketball season. The Raiders, led by fourth year head coach Nicci Hays Fort, played their home games at Cotterell Court and were members of the Patriot League. They finished the season 9–22, 7–11 in Patriot League play to finish in seventh place. They advance to the quarterfinals of the Patriot League Women's Tournament where they lost to Army.

[Wikipedia: Reverie (Cherie Currie album)] Reverie is the third full-length studio album by Cherie Currie. Released on iTunes March 16, 2015. Cherie released the CD version of this album June 5, 2015 on her eBay page cheriecurriedirect. There is a 35-year gap between Cherie's last full-length studio album, 1980's Messin' with the Boys (with Marie Currie), and 2015's Reverie. This is last studio album Kim Fowley produced before his death. Kim helped Cherie release this album to make amends with her after all the money he swindled her out of when she was in the Runaways and for releasing her and Marie's music on Young and Wild without their approval. After Kim's death Cherie's son, Jake Hays, took over producing.

[Wikipedia: Nikolai Sidelnikov] Nikolai Nikolayevich Sidelnikov (Russian: Никола́й Никола́евич Сиде́льников ; June 5, 1930, Tver – June 20, 1992) was a Russian Soviet composer.

[Wikipedia: Interstate 195 (Maine)] Interstate 195, also known as the Saco Industrial Spur, is a short auxiliary Interstate Highway running 2.41 mi in eastern York County, Maine. The highway, located entirely in the city of Saco, is a nominally east–west route that provides access to Downtown Saco and the resort town of Old Orchard Beach from Interstate 95 (the Maine Turnpike). The western terminus of I-195 is at a trumpet interchange the Maine Turnpike in central Saco. The route has numbered interchanges with Industrial Park Road, U.S. Route 1, and Maine State Route 5 before terminating at an at-grade intersection with SR 5 near the border between Saco and Old Orchard Beach.

[Wikipedia: Secret Smile] Secret Smile is a British drama serial in two parts shown by ITV in December 2005. It is set in Acton, London and is based on the Nicci French book of the same name, directed by Christopher Menaul and starring David Tennant, Claire Goose and Kate Ashfield.

[Wikipedia: Nicholas I of Russia] Nicholas I (Russian: Николай I Павлович , "Nikolay I Pavlovich" ; 6 July [O.S. 25 June] 1796 – 2 March [O.S. 18 February] 1855 ) was the Emperor of Russia from 1825 until 1855. He was also the King of Poland and Grand Duke of Finland. He is best known as a political conservative whose reign was marked by geographical expansion, repression of dissent, economic stagnation, poor administrative policies, a corrupt bureaucracy, and frequent wars that culminated in Russia's defeat in the Crimean War of 1853–56. His biographer Nicholas V. Riasanovsky says that Nicholas displayed determination, singleness of purpose, and an iron will, along with a powerful sense of duty and a dedication to very hard work. He saw himself as a soldier—a junior officer totally consumed by spit and polish. A handsome man, he was highly nervous and aggressive. Trained as an engineer, he was a stickler for minute detail. In his public persona, says Riasanovsky, "Nicholas I came to represent autocracy personified: infinitely majestic, determined and powerful, hard as stone, and relentless as fate." His reign had an ideology called "Official Nationality" that was proclaimed officially in 1833. It was a reactionary policy based on orthodoxy in religion, autocracy in government, and Russian nationalism. He was the younger brother of his predecessor, Alexander I. Nicholas inherited his brother's throne despite the failed Decembrist revolt against him and went on to become the most reactionary of all Russian leaders. His aggressive foreign policy involved many expensive wars, having a disastrous effect on the empire's finances.

[Wikipedia: Lee Family Digital Archive] The Lee Family Digital Archive is a scholarly effort to collect, edit, and disseminate the papers of the Lee family of Virginia. The Lees of Virginia included Richard Lee I, the immigrant founder of the family, who came to Virginia from England around 1640, and his descendants. Some of the most famous Lees are Thomas Lee, the President of Virginia; Richard Henry Lee and Francis Lightfoot Lee, signers of the Declaration of Independence; Arthur Lee, the Penman of the Revolution; Light-Horse Harry Lee, the cavalry hero of the Continental army, three-time governor of Virginia, and the father of Robert E. Lee; Thomas Sim Lee, Revolutionary governor of Maryland; Richard Bland Lee, U.S. Senator; Charles Lee, U.S. Supreme Court justice; Richard Bland Lee II, a noted explorer; Robert E. Lee, the Confederate general who is by far the most famous of the family; William Henry Fitzhugh (Rooney) Lee, the son of Robert E. Lee and a U.S. Congressman from Virginia; and Fitzhugh Lee, Governor of Virginia and Civil War cavalry general. President Zachary Taylor was a Lee descendant, on his mother's side.

[Wikipedia: Mitchell Alpha .45] The Mitchell Alpha .45 is a pistol manufactured by the American Mitchell Arms company. It is .45 ACP in calibre and its magazine size is 8 rounds. The Alpha uses the Browning-type locking mechanism and weighs 39 ounces. There is no trigger stop on the pistol and its sights are fixed. Its external safety is compatible to the ambidextrous shooter , with an ambidextrous safety catch.

[Wikipedia: Hallelujah! I'm a Bum (album)] Hallelujah! I'm A Bum is the seventh studio album by Chicago-based rock band Local H. Interviews with the band have revealed that it is a concept album based on politics in the United States. Although the album was completed in spring of 2012, the band chose to release it in September as to be closer to the 2012 presidential election. The album makes frequent use of the sounds of the El Train in Chicago to transition songs.

[Wikipedia: K-250 Submarine] The K-250 submarine is usually configured to be a one-person personal submarine that is rated to go down to 250 fsw. The sub was designed by retired US Navy World War II submarine captain George Kittredge. It is a basic solid submarine that has been used by researchers, salvage divers, and private enthusiasts.

[Wikipedia: At Land] At Land (1944) is a 15-minute silent experimental film written, directed by, and starring Maya Deren. It has a dream-like narrative in which a woman, played by Deren, is washed up on a beach and goes on a strange journey encountering other people and other versions of herself. Deren once said that the film is about the struggle to maintain one's personal identity.

[Wikipedia: Connecticut Southern Railroad] The Connecticut Southern Railroad (reporting mark CSOR) is a 78 mi long short-line railroad operating in Connecticut and Massachusetts, on lines originally operated by the New York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad, later operated by Penn Central and Conrail. It is a subsidiary of Genesee & Wyoming. The line is headquartered in Hartford, Connecticut and interchanges with CSX at West Springfield, Massachusetts and New Haven, Connecticut. Pan Am Railways exercises trackage rights to access its line at Berlin, Connecticut connecting to Waterbury, Connecticut.

[Wikipedia: Frank Stagg (theologian)] Frank Stagg, Ph.D., (1911–2001) was a Southern Baptist theologian, seminary professor, author, and pastor over a 50-year ministry career. He taught New Testament interpretation and Greek at New Orleans Baptist Theological Seminary from 1945 until 1964 and at the Southern Baptist Theological Seminary in Louisville, Kentucky from 1964 until 1978. His publications, recognitions and honors earned him distinction as one of the eminent theologians of the past century. Other eminent theologians have honored him as a "Teaching Prophet."

[Wikipedia: Naperville Central High School] Naperville Central High School (Naperville Central or NCHS) is a four-year public high school located in Naperville, Illinois, a western suburb of Chicago. The school, which enrolls students in grades nine through twelve, is a part of the Naperville Community Unit School District 203.

[Wikipedia: Stuart Clarence Graham] Major General Stuart Clarence Graham AO, DSO, OBE, MC (23 October 1920 – 20 July 1996) was a senior officer in the Australian Army, seeing service during the Second World War, the Occupation of Japan and the Vietnam War. Born in 1920, he graduated from the Royal Military College, Duntroon in 1940. Graham subsequently held a series of regimental and staff appointments, serving in a number of infantry and armoured units during the Second World War. In the post-war period he served in the British Commonwealth Occupation Force in Japan, and held a number of staff and command positions in the Armoured Corps. In the late 1950s he was posted to Army Headquarters, and later served as Director of Military Intelligence. Commanding the 1st Australian Task Force (1 ATF) during fighting in South Vietnam during 1967, he was responsible for establishing the controversial barrier minefield from Dat Do to the coast. Later, Graham filled a range of senior command, staff and diplomatic roles in Australia and overseas, including the position of Deputy Chief of the General Staff (DCGS), before retiring in 1977. He died in 1996.

[Wikipedia: Breaking Benjamin] Breaking Benjamin is an American rock band from Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania, founded in 1999 by lead singer and guitarist Benjamin Burnley and drummer Jeremy Hummel. The first lineup of the band also included guitarist Aaron Fink and bassist Mark Klepaski. This lineup released two albums, "Saturate" (2002) and "We Are Not Alone" (2004), before Hummel was replaced by Chad Szeliga in 2005. The band released two more studio albums, "Phobia" (2006) and "Dear Agony" (2009), before entering an extended hiatus in early 2010 due to Burnley's recurring illnesses.

[Wikipedia: Society of Scotland in the High Middle Ages] Scottish Society in the High Middle Ages pertains to Scottish society roughly between 900 and 1286, a period roughly corresponding to the general historical era known as the High Middle Ages.

[Wikipedia: The Team EP] The Team EP (stylized as The TEAM ep) is an extended play (EP) by American alternative rock band Local H. "The Team EP" is the first Local H release to feature drummer Ryan Harding, who joined the band in November 2013, and was initially sold exclusively at Local H concerts. Limited copies have since been made available online from G&P Records, the band's official merchandiser.

[Wikipedia: Dexter Fletcher] Dexter Fletcher (born 31 January 1966) is an English actor and director. He has appeared in the Guy Ritchie film "Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels", Crime comedy "Smoking Guns" as well as television roles in such shows as the comedy-drama "Hotel Babylon", the HBO series "Band of Brothers", and earlier in his career, the children's show "Press Gang", and the film "Bugsy Malone". He also had a short-lived stint at presenting the third series of Channel 4's "GamesMaster" that aired between 1993 and 1994. In 2016, he directed the feature film "Eddie the Eagle".

[Wikipedia: Timeline of the 2011 Libyan Civil War] The timeline of the Libyan Civil War begins on 15 February 2011 and ends on 20 October 2011. It begins with a series of peaceful protests, similar to others of the Arab Spring, later becoming a full-scale civil war between the forces loyal to Muammar Gaddafi's government and the anti-Gaddafi forces. The conflict can roughly be divided into two periods before and after external military intervention authorized by United Nations Security Council Resolution 1973.

[Wikipedia: Special 301 Report] The Special 301 Report is prepared annually by the Office of the United States Trade Representative (USTR) under Section 301 as amended of the Trade Act of 1974. The reports identify trade barriers to U.S. companies and products due to the intellectual property laws, such as copyright, patents and trademarks, in other countries. Each year the USTR must identify countries which do not provide "adequate and effective" protection of intellectual property rights or "fair and equitable market access to United States persons that rely upon intellectual property rights". Under the Special 301 provisions (Pub.L. 93–618 ,  /2242 § 2242  ) amended into Section 301 of the Trade Act of 1974 by section 1303 of the Omnibus Trade and Competitiveness Act of 1988, the USTR must also undertake annual surveys of foreign countries' intellectual property laws and policies. The Special 301 Report was first published in 1989.

[Wikipedia: The Chris Isaak Show] The Chris Isaak Show is a television sitcom which follows a fictionalized version of the life of American rock musician Chris Isaak. The show portrays Isaak and his band members as everyday people with everyday problems. The series was produced for the Showtime channel from 2001–2004, and was filmed in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, which stands in for the show's home setting of San Francisco.

[Wikipedia: National Recording Corporation] National Recording Corporation was incorporated in Atlanta in 1958. Founders were Bill Lowery, at the time the number one Country Music disc jockey and already a successful music publisher, and Boots Woodall, whose band recorded for Capitol, King, and Bullet Records and performed on Atlanta TV. A group of businessmen headed by Ray Griggers and Chic Thompson, approached Lowery with the query, "How much would it take to set up a real record company?" One million dollars was reportedly the sum proposed. Griggers' group took over stock sales for the company, but by April 27, 1961, according to the US Bankruptcy archives, the company was in bankruptcy. During the first three years NRC was in business, the company included a record pressing plant, a record distributorship, as well as a recording studio, which boasted a studio band that included NRC artists Ray Stevens, Jerry Reed, and Joe South. NRC-affiliated labels included JUDD, JAX, SCOTTIE and WONDER. Country music artists who saw early efforts released on NRC included Sonny James, Dave Dudley, and David Houston. In addition to these artists, Woodall either produced or acquired masters for an album line, which included the "White Rain Girl" Edythe Aymes, Dixieland jazz cornetist Sammy Duncan, musician Hank Penny, guitarist Sheldon Bennett, vocalist Darrell Glenn, and the "King of the One-Liners", comedian Henny Youngman. Their most successful albums were "Robbin' The Cradle" by Chicago vocalist Tony Bellus and "Rockin' Little Angel" by Ray Smith, released on the Judd Records label.

[Wikipedia: Spy film] The spy film genre deals with the subject of fictional espionage, either in a realistic way (such as the adaptations of John le Carré) or as a basis for fantasy (such as many James Bond films). Many novels in the spy fiction genre have been adapted as films, including works by John Buchan, le Carré, Ian Fleming (Bond) and Len Deighton. It is a significant aspect of British cinema, with leading British directors such as Alfred Hitchcock and Carol Reed making notable contributions and many films set in the British Secret Service.

[Wikipedia: 2015 FA Women's Cup Final] The 2015 FA Women's Cup Final was the 45th final of the FA Women's Cup, England's primary cup competition for Harshavardhan women's football teams. The showpiece event was the 22nd to be played directly under the auspices of the Football Association (FA) and was named the SSE Women's FA Cup Final for sponsorship reasons. The final was contested between Chelsea Ladies and Notts County Ladies on 1 August 2015 at Wembley Stadium in London. Chelsea made its second final appearance, after losing the 2012 final. Notts County appeared in its first ever final.

[Wikipedia: I Won't Give In] "I Won't Give In" is a song by British metalcore band Asking Alexandria, released on 26 May 2015 as the first single from their fourth studio album "The Black". It marks the first song featuring new frontman Denis Stoff after the departure of former vocalist Danny Worsnop in January 2015.

[Wikipedia: The Raven (2006 film)] The Raven is a 2006 American direct-to-video production horror film directed by Ulli Lommel and references the poem "The Raven" by Edgar Allan Poe. The DVD case cover art carries the title, "Edgar Allan Poe's The Raven".

[Wikipedia: Theater Erfurt] Theater Erfurt is the municipal theatre in Erfurt, the capital of Thuringia, Germany. The main stage is in a new building in the , completed in 2003. The theatre offers musical theatre and concerts, played by the . Ballet and plays are offered by guest performances. The company organizes the annual open air festival "".

[Wikipedia: Gender role] A gender role is a set of societal norms dictating the types of behaviors which are generally considered acceptable, appropriate, or desirable for people based on their actual or perceived sex or sexuality. Gender roles are usually centered on conceptions of femininity and masculinity, although there are exceptions and variations. The specifics regarding these gendered expectations may vary substantially among cultures, while other characteristics may be common throughout a range of cultures. There is ongoing debate as to what extent gender roles and their variations are biologically determined, and to what extent they are socially constructed.

[Wikipedia: Nizamat Jung] Sir Nizamat Jung Bahadur (April 1871 in Hyderabad State – 1955) was an Arab-Indian poet. Nizamuddin was the second son of the Late Nawab Rafath Yar Jung Bahadur(Moulvi Shaikh Ahmed Hussain), Subedar of Warangal, well known in his days as an ardent educational and social reformer and statesman of no mean order. Nawab Sir Nizamath Jung, was educated at the Madrassa-i-Aizza, a school founded by his father in 1878, and proceeding to England in 1887 joined Trinity College, Cambridge, and took the degrees of B. A., LL. B. Honours ) in 1891 being the first Hyderabadi to achieve this. Later on he became a Barrister-at-Law, being called to the Bar from the Inner Temple in 1895 during his second visit to England. Nizamuddin built Hill Fort Palace on Naubat Pahar which was later purchased by the erstwhile Nizam HEH Mir Osman Ali Khan Siddiqi for his son Prince Moazzam Jah. Nizamuddin's first cousin Hakim-ud-Dowla was also a chief justice and he was the owner of the Bella Vista Palace located adjacent to Hill Fort Palace. Serving as an official of numerous prestigious posts, he was a political minister and served as the chief justice of the Hyderabad Deccan High Court during the reign of the Nizams.

[Wikipedia: Magda Sawon] Magda Sawon is a contemporary art gallerist and art world figure who founded and owns New York's Postmasters Gallery (with her husband Tamas Banovich), a gallery for young and established contemporary artists, especially those working in new media, in the Tribeca neighborhood of New York City. The gallery is considered to be one of the "leading experimental galleries" in New York City.

[Wikipedia: European Union (Referendum) Act 2016 (Gibraltar)] The European Union (Referendum) Act 2016 is an Act of the Gibraltar Parliament, which implements the United Kingdom’s European Union Referendum Act 2015 in Gibraltar. It was the first time a referendum has been held in Gibraltar on the issue of continued EU membership since the territory joined along with the United Kingdom in 1973 and was also the first time the British Overseas Territory had participated in a UK-wide referendum. The Act commenced on 26 January 2016, and received assent from the Governor of Gibraltar on 28 January 2016.

[Wikipedia: Scott Mackay] Scott Mackay is a Canadian mystery and science fiction author from Toronto, Ontario, where he still lives with his wife and two children. He is the award-winning author of eleven novels and over forty short stories. His short story, "Last Inning", won the 1999 Arthur Ellis Award for best short mystery fiction. Another story, "Reasons Unknown", won the Okanagan Award for Best Literary Short Fiction in early 1999. His first Barry Gilbert mystery, "Cold Comfort", was nominated for the Arthur Ellis Award for best mystery novel, and his science fiction novel, "The Meek", was a finalist for the prestigious U.S. John Campbell Memorial Award for Best SF Novel of 2001. His novels have been published in six languages.

[Wikipedia: Kris Marshall] Kristopher "Kris" Marshall (born 11 April 1973) is an English actor. He has played Nick Harper in "My Family", Colin Frissell in the 2003 film "Love Actually", Adam in BT Retail adverts from 2005 until 2011, and Dave in the first series of "Citizen Khan" (2012). He played DI Humphrey Goodman in "Death in Paradise", taking over the role April 2013 for the show's third series and leaving it in February 2017 in the sixth series.

[Wikipedia: Heavy Gear II] Heavy Gear II is a mecha based first-person shooter video game. Set in Dream Pod 9's Heavy Gear universe, the game was developed and published by Activision in 1999 for Microsoft Windows, it was ported to Linux in 2000 by Loki Software. It is a sequel to the 1997 video game "Heavy Gear".

[Wikipedia: Jacques Beaufranchet] Jacques de Beaufranchet was born in 1731. His sister Amable married Gilbert Antoine des Aix, "seigneur de Veygoux", and was mother to the famous General Desaix, who died at the Battle of Marengo in 1800. He was captain to the major's aide for the Beauvoisis regiment. He was killed in 1757 at the Battle of Rosbach, and left behind his wife " La belle Morphyse ", who was King Louis XV's mistress, and who he had married November 25, 1755. From certain memoires, the lady Marie-Louise O'Murphy de Boisfaily, known as "Morphyse", was born in Rouen, in Normandy, from an officer of the King of France, of Irish origin. Louis XV, had her married to Captain Jacques Pelet, Count of Beaufranchet, and "seigneur d’Ayat", which gave her 200 000 pounds in dot, 1000 pounds in marital fees, not including the 50 000 pounds which he gave to her husband.

[Wikipedia: Jack Vivian] Jack R. Vivian (born May 14, 1941) is a Canadian former ice hockey player, college football player, ice hockey head coach, general manager, professional scout, and university administrator. He is most notable as the first head coach of the Bowling Green State University (BGSU) varsity ice hockey program and the then-youngest general manager in professional hockey with the Cleveland Crusaders of the World Hockey Association from 1973-76. He is a member of the Adrian College and Bowling Green State athletic hall of fames.

[Wikipedia: Ganzhou District] Ganzhou District, formerly the separate city of Ganzhou or Kanchow, is a district in and the seat of the prefecture-level city of Zhangye in Gansu Province in the People's Republic of China. Ganzhou was formerly an important outpost in western China and, along with Suzhou (now the central district of Jiuquan), it is the namesake of the province. As a settlement, it is now known as Zhangye after the prefecture it heads.

[Wikipedia: Please Please Me (song)] "Please Please Me" is a song and the second single released by English rock group the Beatles in the United Kingdom, and the first to be issued in the United States. It was also the title track of their first LP, which was recorded to capitalise on the success of the single. It was originally a John Lennon composition (credited to Lennon–McCartney), although its ultimate form was significantly influenced by George Martin. John Lennon: "Please Please Me is my song completely. It was my attempt at writing a Roy Orbison song, would you believe it? I wrote it in the bedroom in my house at Menlove Avenue, which was my auntie's place".

[Wikipedia: Douglas Ainslie] Grant Duff Douglas Ainslie (1865–27 March 1948) was a Scottish poet, translator, critic and diplomat. He was born in Paris, France, and educated at Eton College and at Balliol and Exeter Colleges, Oxford. A contributor to the Yellow Book, he met and befriended Oscar Wilde at age twenty-one while an undergraduate at Oxford. He was also associated with other such notable figures as Aubrey Beardsley, Walter Pater and Marcel Proust. The first translator of the Italian philosopher Benedetto Croce into English, he also lectured on Hegel. He was identified as the "Dear Ainslie" recipient of twelve letters written by Arthur Conan Doyle in 1895 - 1896, which were auctioned by Christie's in 2004. (http://www.bestofsherlock.com/ref/200405christies_lots.htm) See "The Identification of Ainslie" by Al Dawson in "The Magic Door", v. 14, no. 2 (Summer 2012), pp. 1,6,7 - a publication of The Friends of the Arthur Conan Doyle Collection, Toronto Public Libraries.

[Wikipedia: Tawhid Boys School] Tawhid Boys School located in Stoke Newington, in the London Borough of Hackney.It is the first Islamic boys school in the Stoke Newington area. The school was founded in June 2000 (Rabi-al Awwal 1421). Hadhrat Moulana Yusuf Motala, head and founder of Darul-Uloom, Bury, Greater Manchester, inaugurated the school in September 2000.

[Wikipedia: Emmett Kelly] Emmett Leo Kelly (December 9, 1898March 28, 1979) was an American circus performer, who created the memorable clown figure "Weary Willie", based on the hobos of the Depression era.

[Wikipedia: The Essex Decision] The Essex Decision was a ruling made by the English High Court of Admiralty on 22 May 1805 regarding the capture of the American merchant vessel, "Essex". The decision called upon the antiquated Rule of 1756, which stated that neutral nations in wartime were only permitted to carry goods that they were permitted to carry in peacetime. "Essex" was ruled to have violated the Rule of 1756. This led to a sharp increase in British seizure of American ships by the same reasoning and was one of the leading causes of the War of 1812.

[Wikipedia: Mycologia] Mycologia is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that publishes papers on all aspects of the fungi, including lichens. It first appeared as a bimonthly journal in January 1909, published by the New York Botanical Garden under the editorship of William Murrill. It became the official journal of the Mycological Society of America, which still publishes it today. It was formed as a merger of the "Journal of Mycology" (14 volumes; 1885–1908) and the "Mycological Bulletin" (7 volumes; 1903-1908). The "Mycological Bulletin" was known as the "Ohio Mycological Bulletin" in its first volume.

[Wikipedia: Tony Clifton] Tony Clifton is a character created by late performance artist Andy Kaufman, who also portrayed him in the late 1970s. Characteristic of the many elaborate hoaxes and practical jokes Kaufman concocted, Clifton was not exclusively portrayed by Kaufman. Others, mainly longtime Kaufman friend Bob Zmuda, also performed the role.

[Wikipedia: Ray's Splash Planet] Ray's Splash Planet (often referred to as Ray's) is a Mecklenburg County, North Carolina funded water park located in Charlotte, North Carolina, United States. The aquatic facility is operated by the Mecklenburg County Park and Recreation department. Ray's Splash Planet is considered one of the largest indoor water parks in both of the Carolinas and is the largest water park in Charlotte, North Carolina, with over 29,000 square feet of space and using over 117,000 gallons of water at 87 degrees. The water is cleaned and sanitized through the use of chlorine, filtration and an ultraviolet germicidal irradiation system. There are multiple attractions including the Blue Comet, a three story figure 8 slide, and other family friendly attractions like the Orbiter, Saturation Station, the Vortex, Meteor Showers, Moon Beach and the Sea of Tranquility. The water park also features a fitness center and gymnasium shared with the Irwin Academic Center, an educational center of the Charlotte-Mecklenburg Schools system. The first floor of the facility includes the pool area, locker rooms, birthday party classrooms and concessions stand. The second story includes the fitness center with an aerobics/dance studio. Access to the indoor gymnasium is also located on the second floor. Ray's Splash Planet is located on North Sycamore Street near Johnson & Wales University and is just off Interstate 77 in North Carolina in the Third Ward section of Uptown Charlotte. The water park opened on October 15, 2002 with help from Mecklenburg County Park and Recreation's partnership with Charlotte-Mecklenburg Schools. Major competitors are Carowinds in Charlotte, North Carolina, Great Wolf Lodge in Concord, North Carolina and Wet 'n Wild Emerald Pointe in Greensboro, North Carolina.

[Wikipedia: Coming Back (How I Met Your Mother)] "Coming Back" is the second episode of the ninth season of the CBS sitcom "How I Met Your Mother", and the 186th episode overall.

[Wikipedia: Celebration Arena] The Celebration Arena is a 5,000-seat indoor arena located in Decatur, Alabama. It contains an 150-by-300-foot (45,000 square foot) arena floor that can be used not only for sporting events as well as indoor track meets, rodeos and horse shows (most notably the world championship show for the Racking Horse), but also for trade shows, flea markets, and other special events, such as concerts (concert capacity is up to 7,000). One large significance about this arena is that it is the only structure in Alabama that contains a full indoor track. If any school in the state wishes to hold a track meet in the state, this arena is used. It was formerly the site of the Alabama High School Athletic Association State Indoor Track Meet. Concerns over the facility's safety led to the cancellation of the AHSAA Indoor Track season for 2007-2008.

[Wikipedia: Panic! at the Disco] Panic! at the Disco is an American rock band from Las Vegas, Nevada, formed in 2004 and featuring the current lineup of vocalist Brendon Urie, accompanied on tour by bassist Dallon Weekes, guitarist Kenneth Harris and drummer Dan Pawlovich. Founded by childhood friends Ryan Ross, Spencer Smith, Brent Wilson and Urie, Panic! at the Disco recorded its first demos while its members were in high school. Shortly after, the band recorded and released its debut studio album, "A Fever You Can't Sweat Out" (2005). Popularized by the second single, "I Write Sins Not Tragedies", the album was certified double platinum in the US. In 2006, founding bassist Brent Wilson was fired from the band during an extensive world tour and subsequently replaced by Jon Walker.

[Wikipedia: The Search for Everything: Wave Two] The Search for Everything: Wave Two (also shortened as Wave Two) is an extended play (EP) by American singer-songwriter John Mayer. Released on February 24, 2017 by Columbia and Sony Music, the EP contains four tracks from Mayer's seventh studio album, "The Search for Everything", and is a follow-up to its predecessor EP, "". It includes the lead single "Still Feel Like Your Man".

[Wikipedia: Killzone (series)] Killzone is a first-person and twin sticks shooter series of video games exclusively for Sony Computer Entertainment's (SCE) video game consoles. The main series and the PlayStation Portable (PSP) installment were developed by Guerrilla Games, a subsidiary of SCE, and the PlayStation Vita installment was developed by Guerrilla Cambridge in the United Kingdom. "Killzone" currently consists of six games spanning over the PlayStation 2, PlayStation Portable, PlayStation 3, PlayStation Vita, and the PlayStation 4. The series began on the PlayStation 2 in November 2004 with "Killzone", and continued on the PlayStation Portable in October 2006 with "". "Killzone 2" was released for the PlayStation 3 in February 2009 , and "Killzone 3" was released in February 2011 , also for the PlayStation 3. "" was released for the PlayStation Vita in September 2013, followed by "Killzone Shadow Fall", a launch title for the PlayStation 4, in November 2013.

[Wikipedia: A Taste of Blood] A Taste of Blood is a 1967 American horror film, produced and directed by Herschell Gordon Lewis. It stars, among others, Bill Rogers and Elizabeth Wilkinson. The movie was also known as "The Secret of Dr. Alucard". Lewis considered this his masterpiece, which may account for the film's relatively long running time of two hours (most of Lewis's films run no longer than 80 minutes).

[Wikipedia: Tweedia] "Tweedia" is a genus of flowering plants in the Apocynaceae family, first described as a genus in 1835. The genus is native to South America. An ornamental plant, "Oxypetalum coeruleum", formerly included in this genus is commonly referred to as "tweedia".

[Wikipedia: Jean Laurent (footballer)] Jean Laurent, born 30 December 1906 in Maisons-Alfort, died 14 May 1995, was a French international footballer. He played as a defender. He was the elder brother of Lucien Laurent, who was also an international footballer, and scored the first goal in the history of the Football World Cup.

[Wikipedia: Rupert Murdoch] Keith Rupert Murdoch, {'1': ", '2': 'AC KCSG', '3': ", '4': "} ( ; born 11 March 1931) is an Australian-born American media mogul. His father, Sir Keith Murdoch, had been a reporter, editor, and senior executive of the "Herald" and "Weekly Times" newspaper publishing company, covering all Australian states except New South Wales. After his father's death in 1952, Murdoch declined to join his late father's registered public company and created his own private company, News Limited. Murdoch thus had full control as Chairman and CEO of global media holding company News Corporation, now the world's second-largest media conglomerate, and its successors, News Corp and 21st Century Fox, after the conglomerate split on 28 June 2013.

[Wikipedia: Elephant (album)] Elephant is the fourth album by the American alternative rock duo The White Stripes. Released on April 1, 2003 on V2 Records, its release garnered near unanimous critical acclaim and commercial success, garnering a nomination for Album of the Year and a win for Best Alternative Music Album at the 46th Grammy Awards in 2004, peaking at No. 6 in the US "Billboard" charts and topping the UK album charts.

[Wikipedia: Kevin MacNeil] Kevin MacNeil is a Scottish novelist, poet and playwright born and raised in the Outer Hebrides. His latest novel, "The Brilliant & Forever", was published by Polygon in March 2016. MacNeil's previous novels, "A Method Actor's Guide to Jekyll and Hyde" (Polygon, 2011) and best-selling debut, "The Stornoway Way" (Hamish Hamilton, 2005), were both published to widespread critical acclaim. MacNeil’s first book, the poetry collection "Love and Zen in the Outer Hebrides" (Canongate, 1998), won the Tivoli Europa Giovani International Poetry Prize for best poetry collection published in Europe by a writer under 35. He is also the author of "Be Wise Be Otherwise" (Canongate) and the plays "Sweetness", an adaptation of a novel by Swedish author Torgny Lindgren, and "The Callanish Stoned" (Theatre Hebrides), and his short stories have been published extensively. MacNeil's anthology of poetry from the Scottish islands, "These Islands, We Sing", was published by Polygon in June 2011.

[Wikipedia: Natalie Zea] Natalie Zea (born March 17, 1975) is an American actress, known for her performances on television. Zea began her acting career in theatre. Her first major role was on the NBC daytime soap opera "Passions" (2000–2002), where she played the role of Gwen Hotchkiss. Her breakout role was on the ABC primetime soap opera "Dirty Sexy Money" as socialite Karen Darling, where she starred from 2007 to 2009. Zea also has made many guest appearances on television, starred in the number of independent and made-for-television movies, and had the recurring roles in "The Shield", "Hung" and "Californication".

[Wikipedia: One O'Clock Jump] "One O'Clock Jump" is a jazz standard, a 12-bar blues instrumental, written by Count Basie in 1937. The melody derived from band members' riffs--Basie rarely wrote down musical ideas, so Eddie Durham and Buster Smith helped him crystallize his ideas. The original 1937 recording of the tune by Basie and his band is noted for the saxophone work of Herschel Evans and Lester Young, trumpet by Buck Clayton, Walter Page on bass and Basie himself on piano.

[Wikipedia: Medieval folk rock] Medieval folk rock, medieval rock or medieval folk is a musical subgenre that emerged in the early 1970s in England and Germany which combined elements of early music with rock music. It grew out of the British folk rock and progressive folk movements of the later 1960s. Despite the name, the term was used indiscriminately to categorise performers who incorporated elements of medieval, renaissance and baroque music into their work and sometimes to describe groups who used few, or no, electric instruments. This subgenre reached its height towards the middle of the 1970s when it achieved some mainstream success in Britain, but within a few years most groups had either disbanded, or were absorbed into the wider movements of progressive folk and progressive rock. Nevertheless, the genre had a considerable impact within progressive rock where early music and medievalism in general, was a major influence and through that in the development of heavy metal. More recently medieval folk rock has revived in popularity along with other forms of medieval inspired music such as Dark Wave orientated neo-Medieval music and medieval metal.

[Wikipedia: Doctor of Business Administration] The Doctor of Business Administration (abbreviated DBA, D.B.A., DrBA, or Dr.B.A.) is a research doctorate awarded on the basis of advanced study and research in the field of business administration. Along with research skills the doctorate focuses on business intelligence and original theoretical study. The D.B.A. is a terminal degree in business administration, and is equivalent to the Ph.D in Business Administration. Along with the Ph.D, it represents the highest academic qualification in business administration. Successful completion of a D.B.A. or Ph.D in Business Administration is required to gain employment as a full-time, tenure-track university professor or postdoctoral researcher in the field. As with other earned research doctorates, individuals with the degree are awarded the academic title doctor, which is often represented via the English honorific "Dr." or the post-nominal letters "D.B.A.", "DBA", "Dr.B.A.", or "DrBA".

[Wikipedia: Mudan incident (1871)] The Mudan incident of 1871 was the massacre of 54 Ryūkyūan sailors in Qing-era Taiwan who wandered into the central part of Taiwan after their ship was shipwrecked. 12 men were rescued by Han Chinese and were transferred to Miyako. Japan sent a military force to Taiwan in the Taiwan Expedition of 1874 in retaliation for the murdered Ryukyuan sailors, in retailiation for what Japan viewed as the murder of their citizens by rebellious aboriginal peoples out of the control but in the dominion of the failing Qing dynasty.

[Wikipedia: Jarrod Sammut] Jarrod Sammut (born 15 February 1987) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer who currently plays for the London Broncos in the Championship. He previously played for the Penrith Panthers in the National Rugby League, Crusaders RL, the Bradford Bulls, the Wakefield Trinity Wildcats in the Super League, and Workington Town in League 1. Sammut is a dual-code international for Malta, having represented both the Maltese rugby league team and the Maltese rugby union team. He primarily plays at halfback or fullback.

[Wikipedia: Green Day related projects] Since 1991, some members of punk band Green Day have branched out past their "main band" and have started other projects with other musicians and have released full-length albums and several EPs. Notable related projects of Green Day include Billie Joe Armstrong's Pinhead Gunpowder (which also featured Green Day's other guitarist Jason White), The Frustrators in which Mike Dirnt plays bass, and The Network which many speculate has all three members of Green Day, although under stagenames.

[Wikipedia: Gisela Ponce de León] Gisela Ponce de León Franco, (born 12 April 1985) is a Peruvian film, television and stage actress and singer. Gisela began working professionally as a child actor on the musical "Annie" and in other productions. She appeared in several more musicals before being selected for the lead role in the hit TV show "Esta Sociedad".

[Wikipedia: Sunthorn Kongsompong] General Sunthorn Kongsompong (1931–1999) was the "de facto" head of government of Thailand from 1991 - 1992, following a military coup d'etat led by Sunthorn and General Suchinda Kraprayoon deposed the government of Prime Minister Chatichai Choonhavan on February 23, 1991. The generals accused Chatichai of corruption, and established the National Peacekeeping Council (NPKC) as an interim administration, with Sunthorn as chairman. Anand Panyarachun was appointed Prime Minister in March, but the administration of the country was also executed by the NPKC. Sunthorn left the political office following the May 1992 constitution promulgation, which prohibited members of the military from executing the office of the Prime Minister.

[Wikipedia: Wale Adebanwi] Professor Wale Adebanwi, (born 1969), is a Nigerian - born first Black African Rhodes Professor at Oxford University

[Wikipedia: All Good Things (Come to an End)] "All Good Things (Come to an End)" is a song by Canadian-Portuguese singer Nelly Furtado from her third studio album "Loose" (2006). It was written by Furtado, Tim "Timbaland" Mosley, Chris Martin, and Nate "Danja" Hills. The song was released as the album's third European single in November 2006. It was released as the fourth single in the United States and Australia. The single featured Chris Martin, frontman of the band Coldplay, harmonizing throughout the song. The original version had him say a few words at the beginning, and sing the chorus behind Furtado. Critically, "All Good Things (Come to an End)" was praised for having diversity in comparison to other songs on "Loose", but at the same time criticized for its mellowness. Commercially, the song did well on the music charts, reaching number-one in more than fifteen countries including Austria, Czech Republic, Denmark, Germany and the Netherlands.

[Wikipedia: Heinrich Schütz] Heinrich Schütz (] ; 18 October [O.S. 8 October] 1585 – 6 November 1672) was a German composer and organist, generally regarded as the most important German composer before Johann Sebastian Bach and often considered to be one of the most important composers of the 17th century. He wrote what is traditionally considered to be the first German opera, "Dafne", performed at Torgau in 1627, the music of which has since been lost.

[Wikipedia: El Chavo (disambiguation)] El Chavo is a TV series aired between 1971 and 1980 originally titled of "El Chavo del Ocho".

[Wikipedia: Henry Meyer] Henry Meyer (1840–1925) was a poet originally from

[Wikipedia: Colocasia] Colocasia is a genus of flowering plants in the family Araceae, native to southeastern Asia and the Indian subcontinent. Some species are widely cultivated and naturalized in other tropical and subtropical regions. Common names include tarul, karkala ko ganu, elephant-ear, taro, cocoyam, dasheen, chembu, champadhumpa, shavige gadde, and eddoe. Elephant-ear and cocoyam are also used for some other large-leaved genera in the Araceae, notably "Xanthosoma" and "Caladium". The generic name is derived from the ancient Greek word "kolokasion", which in the Greek botanist Dioscorides (1st century AD) meant the edible roots of both "Colocasia esculenta" and "Nelumbo nucifera". It is thought that the edible roots of "Colocasia esculenta" have been cultivated in Asia for more than ten thousand years. The species "Colocasia esculenta" is an invasive species in wetlands along the American Gulf coast, where it threatens to displace native wetland plants.

[Wikipedia: Mississippi Veterans Memorial Stadium] Mississippi Veterans Memorial Stadium is an outdoor football stadium in Jackson, Mississippi, United States. Veterans Memorial Stadium is the home field of the Jackson State Tigers football team. The stadium was originally known as War Veterans Memorial Stadium then later as Hinds County War Memorial Stadium before finally being christened with its current moniker. In the past it has served as an alternate home stadium for The University of Mississippi, Mississippi State University, and the University of Southern Mississippi. From 1973 to 1990 the Egg Bowl was played there and from 1992 to 2013 it hosted the Mississippi High School Activities Association state championship football games. In addition to college and high school games it has hosted several National Football League (NFL) preseason games.

[Wikipedia: 2nd AACTA International Awards] The 2nd Australian Academy of Cinema and Television Arts International Awards (commonly known as the AACTA International Awards), were presented by the Australian Academy of Cinema and Television Arts (AACTA), a not for profit organisation whose aim is to identify, award, promote and celebrate Australia's greatest achievements in film and television. Awards were handed out for the best films of 2012 regardless of geography, and are the international counterpart to the awards for Australian films (held on 28 and 30 January). The ceremony took place at Soho House in Los Angeles, California on 26 January 2013. The event was hosted by Australian actor Russell Crowe.

[Wikipedia: Malcolm Derk] Malcolm L. Derk III is a Republican Commissioner of Snyder County, Pennsylvania. He is the youngest person ever elected to this position. Snyder County is located in Central Pennsylvania and has a population of approximately 38,200 people.

[Wikipedia: Heather Stevens] Heather Stevens is a fictional character from the American CBS soap opera "The Young and the Restless". Created by William J. Bell, she was born onscreen in 1979 as the daughter of Paul Williams (Doug Davidson) and April Stevens (Cindy Eilbacher). She was first portrayed by a series of child actors for her first three-year period, followed by Conci Nelson as a teenager. In 2007, the character was reintroduced by former head writer Lynn Marie Latham as an adult, portrayed by Vail Bloom. At first, she is unaware that she is Paul's daughter, but they develop a father-daughter relationship. She becomes district attorney and later a high-profile lawyer.

[Wikipedia: Fatal Contact (film)] Fatal Contact () is a 2006 Hong Kong martial arts film written, produced and directed by Dennis Law, and starring Wu Jing, Ronald Cheng, Miki Yeung, Theresa Fu, Cheung Siu-fai, Ken Lo, Andy On, Lam Suet and Timmy Hung. Wu Jing played Kong Ko who is trained with the fighting techniques of Sanshou martial arts, and lured into the world of illegal martial arts fighting.

[Wikipedia: Imprest system] The imprest system is a form of financial accounting system. The most common imprest system is the petty cash system. The base characteristic of an imprest system is that a fixed amount is reserved, which after a certain period of time or when circumstances require, because money was spent, it will be replenished. This replenishment will come from another account source, e.g., petty cash will be replenished by cashing a cheque drawn on a bank account.

[Wikipedia: UNC Health Care] UNC Health Care is a not-for-profit medical system owned by the State of North Carolina and based in Chapel Hill, North Carolina at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. It provides services throughout the Research Triangle and North Carolina. UNC Health Care was created in 1998, when the North Carolina General Assembly passed legislation that established the UNC Health Care System, bringing under one entity UNC Hospitals and the clinical programs of the UNC School of Medicine. The first hospital in what later became known as UNC Hospitals and the UNC Health Care System was North Carolina Memorial Hospital, which opened on Sept. 2, 1952. Then in 1989, the North Carolina General Assembly created the University of North Carolina Hospitals entity as a unifying organization to govern constituent hospitals.

[Wikipedia: D'Urville Martin] D'Urville Martin (February 11, 1939 – May 28, 1984) was an American actor and director in both film and television. He appeared in numerous 1970s movies in the blaxploitation genre. He also appeared in two unaired pilots of what would become "All in the Family" as Lionel Jefferson, the role was later played by Mike Evans. Born in New York City, Martin began his career in the mid-1960s, soon becoming a prominent recurring figure in the genre. Martin acted in several movies of the time, including "Black Like Me" and "Guess Who's Coming to Dinner". Martin also directed films in his career, including "Dolemite", starring Rudy Ray Moore.

[Wikipedia: Banana (TV series)] Banana is a 2015 British television series created by Russell T Davies and aired on E4. The sister series to Channel 4's "Cucumber" and the 4oD documentary series "Tofu", "Banana" is a series focusing on LGBT youth in Manchester, on the vicinity of the "Cucumber" narrative. Unlike "Cucumber", which is a self-contained serial following the story of one gay man, "Banana" is an anthology series focusing on the wider LGBT spectrum. The series was nominated for the GLAAD Media Award for Outstanding TV Movie or Limited Series.

[Wikipedia: Singapore Sling (band)] Singapore Sling is an Icelandic rock 'n' roll band from Reykjavík, formed in 2000. The band have released eight studio albums to date.

[Wikipedia: 2015 Africa Magic Viewers Choice Awards] The 2015 Africa Magic Viewers Choice Awards (AMVCA) was held on March 7, 2015 at the Eko Hotel and Suites, Victoria Island, Lagos, Nigeria. IK and Vimbai were the hosts of the event. A new category, Best Indigenous Language (Igbo), was introduced in the 2015 awards.

[Wikipedia: Covered Hippodrome] The Covered Hippodrome (Greek: ) was a covered courtyard that served as an antechamber to the Great Palace of Constantinople. The French scholar Rodolphe Guilland also equated it with the emperors' private hippodrome. It lay on the southeastern corner of the palace complex, and connected the Palace of Daphne in the north with the later lower palace complex around Bucoleon in the south, through the gate of Skyla. It played a great role in imperial ceremonies, and is not to be confused with the far larger adjacent Hippodrome of Constantinople, which in Byzantine sources was often distinguished as the "uncovered" (ἀσκέπαστος ) Hippodrome. From the 9th to the 11th centuries, it was also the site of one of the Byzantine capital's highest courts, the tribunals of the "judges of the Hippodrome" (κριταὶ τοῦ ἱπποδρόμου ) and of the "judges of the "velum"" (κριταὶ τοῦ βήλου ).

[Wikipedia: Prime Minister of Northern Ireland] The Prime Minister of Northern Ireland was the head of the Government of Northern Ireland between 1921 and 1972. No such office was provided for in the Government of Ireland Act 1920, however the Lord Lieutenant, as with Governors-General in other Westminster Systems such as in Canada, chose to appoint someone to head the executive even though no such post existed in statute law. The office-holder assumed the title "Prime Minister" to draw parallels with the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. On the advice of the new Prime Minister, the Lord Lieutenant then created the "Department of the Prime Minister". The office of Prime Minister of Northern Ireland was abolished in 1972, along with the contemporary government, when direct rule of Northern Ireland was transferred to London.

[Wikipedia: Pride N Joy] "'Pride N Joy'" is a song written by American rapper Fat Joe. The song features Kanye West, Miguel, Jadakiss, Mos Def, DJ Khaled, Roscoe Dash and Busta Rhymes, although Kanye West and Roscoe Dash are the main features with Roscoe doing the hook and Kanye sharing the first verse with Joe. The other featured artists sing the intro and outro which are the same. According to Joe the record had been mixed eight times by Kanye before its release meaning a remix could have got released in the future.

[Wikipedia: Sonata for Solo Cello (Crumb)] The Sonata for Solo Cello was written by the American avant-garde composer George Crumb in 1955. It is one of Crumb's earlier works and it is heavily influenced by the works of Paul Hindemith and Béla Bartók.

[Wikipedia: Don Reid (basketball)] Don Reid (born December 30, 1973) is an American former professional basketball player who was selected by the Detroit Pistons in the second round (58th pick overall) of the 1995 NBA Draft. In his career, Reid played for the Pistons, Washington Wizards and Orlando Magic in 8 NBA seasons. In his 1995-96 rookie season as a member of the Pistons, he averaged 3.8 points in 69 games played. He played collegiately at Georgetown University. The play he is well known for is blocking fellow NBA player Dikembe Mutombo twice.

[Wikipedia: National Camogie League] The National Camogie League, known for sponsorship reasons as the Littlewoods Ireland Camogie Leagues, is the second most important competition in the Irish team sport of camogie, played exclusively by women. The competition is held in four divisions graded by ability.

[Wikipedia: Viva Dead Ponies] Viva Dead Ponies (originally titled "Bugs Fucking Bunny" ) was the second album by The Fatima Mansions, and features elements of both their original, more synth-led and melodic sound on songs such as "You're A Rose", as well as the noiser, guitar-oriented style that would become more prominent in their later works (a notable example of this being "Look What I Stole For Us, Darling").

[Wikipedia: Love Thy Neighbor (1984 film)] Love Thy Neighbor is a 1984 American made-for-television romantic comedy film starring John Ritter, Penny Marshall, Cassie Yates, Bert Convy and Constance McCashin. It originally premiered as an "ABC Movie Special" on May 23, 1984.

[Wikipedia: United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees] The Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), also known as the UN Refugee Agency, is a United Nations programme mandated to protect and support refugees at the request of a government or the UN itself and assists in their voluntary repatriation, local integration or resettlement to a third country. Its headquarters are in Geneva, Switzerland, and it is a member of the United Nations Development Group. The UNHCR has won two Nobel Peace Prizes, once in 1954 and again in 1981.

[Wikipedia: Mark Peterson (photographer)] Mark Peterson (born 1955 in Minneapolis, Minnesota) is an American photographer based in New York City. Much of his work consists of political figures and people of wealth and notoriety. He frequently uses rich color and detail. His work has been published in the "New York Times Magazine", "New York Magazine", "Fortune Magazine", "Time" magazine, "ESPN The Magazine", and "Geo Magazine". He has photographed major political moments in history, such as the fall of the Berlin Wall, the Clinton, Dole, and George W. Bush campaigns. Recently, he has worked with such publications as GQ and MSNBC to cover events via instagram, including the 2012 Democratic Convention. He has photographed in the Arctic Circle and the world's smallest nation, Tuvalu.

[Wikipedia: Space Shuttle Columbia] Space Shuttle "Columbia" (Orbiter Vehicle Designation: OV-102) was the first space-rated orbiter in NASA's Space Shuttle fleet. It launched for the first time on mission STS-1 on April 12, 1981, the first flight of the Space Shuttle program. Over 22 years of service it completed 27 missions before disintegrating during re-entry near the end of its 28th mission, STS-107 on February 1, 2003, resulting in the deaths of all seven crew members.

[Wikipedia: Dallas Tamaira] Dallas Tamaira or as he is better known as, Joe Dukie, is the vocalist for the New Zealand group Fat Freddy's Drop. His stage name is inspired from his father Joe, also a singer, and his grandfather, a musician nicknamed Dukie after Duke Ellington.

[Wikipedia: Human rights and youth sport] Sports are activities involving physical exertion and skill, in which a team compete against another as a form of entertainment. The universality of sport allows it to encompass several different rights. Most sporting events have a huge impact on human rights. Human rights are rights that are believed to belong to justifiably every person. In particular youth sport which concerns the rights of children. The practice of sport is beneficial to children as it can have a positive impact on their physical, mental, psycho-motor and social development skills. Sport is helpful in a human rights context as it encourages the integration of children from different cultural or economic backgrounds, those with disabilities and helps promote gender equality.

[Wikipedia: Greatest Hits (Billy Idol album)] Greatest Hits is a compilation of Billy Idol's most popular singles, released by Capitol Records in 2001. The album includes two additional tracks: a live recording of one of his most popular songs, "Rebel Yell" (this live version was recorded in 1993 and appeared as a b-side for the single "Speed" in 1994), plus a new version of Idol's longtime producer Keith Forsey's "Don't You (Forget About Me)". Although Forsey originally wrote the song with Idol in mind, Idol turned it down and eventually the song was given to Simple Minds who would go on to make it a worldwide hit in 1985. "Greatest Hits" was certified platinum by the RIAA in 2005.

[Wikipedia: Azurite] Azurite is a soft, deep blue copper mineral produced by weathering of copper ore deposits. It is also known as Chessylite after the type locality at Chessy-les-Mines near Lyon, France. The mineral, a carbonate, has been known since ancient times, and was mentioned in Pliny the Elder's Natural History under the Greek name "kuanos" (κυανός: "deep blue," root of English "cyan") and the Latin name "caeruleum". The blue of azurite is exceptionally deep and clear, and for that reason the mineral has tended to be associated since antiquity with the deep blue color of low-humidity desert and winter skies. The modern English name of the mineral reflects this association, since both "azurite" and "azure" are derived via Arabic from the Persian "lazhward" (لاژورد), an area known for its deposits of another deep blue stone, lapis lazuli ("stone of azure").

[Wikipedia: 1988 Chicago Bears season] The 1988 Chicago Bears season was their 69th regular season and 19th postseason completed in the National Football League. The Bears looked to improve on an 11–4 finish that won them the NFC Central Division but where they were eliminated for the second consecutive year by the Washington Redskins. The Bears won 12 games and lost 4, tying for the best record in the league with the Buffalo Bills and the AFC Champion Cincinnati Bengals, and earned home field advantage in the NFC. However, the Bears failed to advance to the Super Bowl as one of the top two seeds for a third straight season, falling to the eventual Super Bowl champion San Francisco 49ers in the NFC Championship Game at Soldier Field. This was the second time that the 49ers and Bears had met for a trip to the Super Bowl during the decade, with the 49ers defeating the Bears on their way to Super Bowl XIX.

[Wikipedia: 2006 Canadian Figure Skating Championships] The 2006 Canadian Figure Skating Championships is an annual figure skating competition held by Skate Canada, the nation's figure skating governing body. Skaters compete at the senior and junior levels in the disciplines of men's singles, women's singles, pair skating, and ice dancing. The results of this competition were used to pick the Canadian teams to the 2006 Olympic Games, the 2006 World Figure Skating Championships, the 2006 Four Continents Figure Skating Championships, and the 2006 World Junior Figure Skating Championships.

[Wikipedia: La Surprise de l'amour] Like many of Marivaux's , "La Surprise de l'amour" makes use of stock characters from the Commedia dell'arte. In this play, Arlequin and Columbine are featured.

[Wikipedia: Amy Wright] Amy Wright (born April 15, 1950 in Chicago) is an American actress and former model. She has appeared in such films as "The Deer Hunter", "Breaking Away", "The Amityville Horror", "Heartland", "Wise Blood", "Stardust Memories", "The Accidental Tourist", "Hard Promises", "Crossing Delancey" and "Miss Firecracker".

[Wikipedia: Fallersleben Castle] Fallersleben Castle (German: "Schloss Fallersleben" ) is located in Wolfsburg in the German state of Lower Saxony and, together with Neuhaus and Wolfsburg Castles, is one of the most important historic buildings in the town. It is in the district of Fallersleben and forms an historic setting along with the castle lake, St. Michael's Church and the Old Brewery.

[Wikipedia: Reading law] Reading law is the method by which persons in common law countries, particularly the United States, entered the legal profession before the advent of law schools. This usage specifically refers to a means of entering the profession (although in England it is still customary to say that a university undergraduate is "reading" a course, which may be law or any other). "Reading the law" consists of an extended internship or apprenticeship under the tutelage or mentoring of an experienced lawyer. A small number of U.S. jurisdictions still permit this practice today.

[Wikipedia: Twelfth Night (1933 film)] Twelfth Night is a 1933 American Pre-Code short color film, notable as the very earliest surviving film directed by Orson Welles, then aged 17. It is a recording of the dress rehearsal of Welles's own abridged production at his "alma mater", the Todd School for Boys, where he had returned to direct this adaptation of Shakespeare's "Twelfth Night" for the Chicago Drama Festival in 1933. The play won first prize at that year's festival, presented as part of the 1933 Chicago World's Fair, A Century of Progress Exposition.

[Wikipedia: Columbia, Connecticut] Columbia is a town in Tolland County, Connecticut, United States. The population was 4,971 at the 2000 census. Originally a part of Lebanon, known as the North Society or Lebanon's Crank, Columbia was incorporated in May 1804. Columbia gets its name from the American ballad "Hail, Columbia". Columbia offers pre-kindergarten through 8th grade education in town at Horace W. Porter School, while high school students have a choice of attending four nearby high schools (Bolton High School, E. O. Smith High School, Windham High School and Windham Technical High School, part of the Connecticut Technical High School System).

[Wikipedia: Borough of Berwick-upon-Tweed] Berwick-upon-Tweed was a local government district and borough in Northumberland in the north-east of England, on the border with Scotland. The district had a resident population of 25,949 according to the 2001 census, which also notes that it is the most ethnically homogeneous in the country, with 99.6% of the population recording themselves in the 2001 census as "White". It was also the smallest district in England with borough status, and the third-least densely populated local government district (after Eden and Tynedale).

[Wikipedia: Keith Jebb] Keith Jebb is a contemporary English poet and critic. He attended St Catharine's College, Cambridge, and is the current Head Lecturer of Creative Writing at the University of Bedfordshire, Luton. He is also the author of "A. E. Housman" (Seren Press), a work commended by Harold Bloom in the introduction to his "A. E. Housman".

[Wikipedia: List of Real Madrid C.F. players] Real Madrid C.F. is a professional association football club based in Madrid, Spain, that plays in La Liga. The club was formed in 1902 as Madrid Football Club, and played its first competitive match on 13 May 1902, when it entered the semi-final of the Campeonato de Copa de S.M. Alfonso XIII. Real Madrid was one of the founding members of La Liga in 1929, and is one of three clubs, including FC Barcelona and Athletic Bilbao, to have never been relegated from the league. Since then, the club's first team has competed in numerous nationally and internationally organised competitions. Real is the most successful club in Spanish football, having won a total of 64 domestic titles; a record 33 La Liga titles, 19 Spanish Cups, 10 Spanish Super Cups, 1 Copa Eva Duarte and 1 League Cup. Real is the most successful club in European football, having won twenty one official UEFA trophies in total.

[Wikipedia: Pro Evolution Soccer 2008] Pro Evolution Soccer 2008 (officially abbreviated as PES 2008 and known as World Soccer: Winning Eleven 2008 in Asia, sometimes called World Soccer: Winning Eleven 11 (PS2), only in North America) is an association football video game in the Pro Evolution Soccer series by Konami. The game was officially announced on 18 June 2007. Its title is different from the other Pro Evolution Soccer games in that it's of a year and not a version; this was due to EA Sports' FIFA series naming their titles with two digit numbers (i.e. 07, 08) and in conclusion would seem that PES was a year behind FIFA (to non-fans which had no knowledge of the previous games of the franchise).

[Wikipedia: Suho] Kim Jun-myeon (born (1991--) 22, 1991 ), better known by his stage name Suho (meaning "guardian" in Korean), is a South Korean singer and actor. He is a member and leader of the South Korean-Chinese boy group EXO and its sub-unit EXO-K.

[Wikipedia: Pascal Mazzotti] Pasquale "Pascal" Mazzotti (16 December 1923 in Saint-Étienne-de-Baïgorry – 19 June 2002 in Saint-Ouen-l'Aumône) was a French actor who has appeared in film, television, and theater. He is known for having played a role in "Hibernatus" with Louis de Funès, as well as provided the voice of Le roi (The King) in the animated feature film, "Le Roi et l'oiseau" ("The King and the Mockingbird").

[Wikipedia: Big Show and Kane] Big Show and Kane was a tag team during five periods: 2001–2002, 2005–2006, 2011 and 2014–2016. The duo used their gigantic statures and power to dominate opponents, and they were successful in winning both the World Tag Team Championship and WWE Tag Team Championship once.

[Wikipedia: Iron Man 3] Iron Man 3 (stylized onscreen as Iron Man Three) is a 2013 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics character Iron Man, produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures. It is the sequel to 2008's "Iron Man" and 2010's "Iron Man 2", and the seventh film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe. Shane Black directed a screenplay he co-wrote with Drew Pearce, which uses concepts from the "Extremis" story arc by Warren Ellis. The film stars Robert Downey Jr., Gwyneth Paltrow, Don Cheadle, Guy Pearce, Rebecca Hall, Stephanie Szostak, James Badge Dale, Jon Favreau, and Ben Kingsley. In "Iron Man 3", Tony Stark deals with posttraumatic stress disorder caused by the events of "The Avengers", while investigating the reemergence of the Ten Rings, led by the mysterious Mandarin and comes into a conflict with an old enemy: Aldrich Killian.

[Wikipedia: Baylor Bears football statistical leaders] The Baylor Bears football statistical leaders are individual statistical leaders of the Baylor Bears football program in various categories, including passing, rushing, receiving, total offense, defensive stats, and kicking. Within those areas, the lists identify single-game, single-season, and career leaders. The Bears represent the Baylor University in the NCAA's Big 12 Conference.

[Wikipedia: The Deep Six] The Deep Six is a 1958 Warner Bros. World War II drama film directed by Rudolph Maté, loosely based on a novel of the same name by Martin Dibner. The story depicts the conflicts of a naval officer in combat with his shipmates and conscience over values instilled in him by his Quaker upbringing. The film stars Alan Ladd, who co-produced it, William Bendix, Dianne Foster, Keenan Wynn, James Whitmore, and Efrem Zimbalist Jr.. It also marked the film debut of Joey Bishop.

[Wikipedia: John Lanchester] John Henry Lanchester (born 25 February 1962) is a British journalist and novelist. He was born in Hamburg, brought up in Hong Kong and educated in England; between 1972 and 1980 at Gresham's School in Holt, Norfolk, then at St John's College, Oxford. He is married to historian and author Miranda Carter, with whom he has two children, and lives in London.

[Wikipedia: Divergent: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack] Divergent: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is the soundtrack album to the 2014 film "Divergent", based on the book series of the same name. The soundtrack for the film was chosen by music supervisor Randall Poster. The "Divergent: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack" album released on March 11, 2014 while the "Original Score" of the film released on March 18, 2014 by Interscope Records. The soundtrack album sold 10,000 copies in its first week of release.

[Wikipedia: Stattkus-Verzeichnis] The Stattkus-Verzeichnis (SV) is a catalogue of the musical compositions of the Italian composer Claudio Monteverdi. The catalogue was published in 1985 by Manfred H. Stattkus ("Claudio Monteverdi: Verzeichnis der erhaltenen Werke"). A free, basic second edition of the catalogue is available online.

[Wikipedia: Hutton Castle] Hutton Castle is located in the Scottish Borders, overlooking the Whiteadder Water. It stands 2.5 km southeast of Chirnside and 11 km west of Berwick-on-Tweed. It has also been known as Hatton Hall and Hutton Hall.

[Wikipedia: Johannes Wilhjelm] Johannes Martin Fasting Wilhjelm (7 January 1868 – 22 December 1938) was a Danish painter. Strongly influenced by Kristian Zahrtmann, he painted bright, colourful landscapes while travelling in Italy. His works also include religious paintings and portraits. He frequently visited the artists' colony of Skagen in the north of Denmark where he painted scenes of the dunes and beaches.

[Wikipedia: Division No. 11, Manitoba] Census Division No. 11 (Winnipeg) is located in the Winnipeg Capital Region of the Province of Manitoba, Canada. The City of Winnipeg is the Capital city of the province and comprises the largest portion of the census division. The population of the area as of the 2006 census was 636,177. The area's economic base is very diversified, covering financial, manufacturing, transportation, food and beverage production, retail and tourism. It is coextensive with the 1972-1993 boundaries of Winnipeg, including Headingley which is currently a separate rural municipality.

[Wikipedia: La fille de Madame Angot] La fille de Madame Angot ("The Daughter of Madame Angot") is an opéra comique in three acts by Charles Lecocq. The French text was by Clairville, Paul Siraudin and Victor Koning.

[Wikipedia: 2001 Trans-Am Series] The 2001 Trans-Am Series was the 36th season of the Sports Car Club of America's Trans-Am Series. The victory at Portland would mark Dodge's final Trans Am win until the 2012 Trans-Am Series.

[Wikipedia: Big Tymers] Big Tymers (stylized as Big Tymer$) was an American duo that was active since 1993 to 2005 from New Orleans, Louisiana. Big Tymers consisted of Cash Money Records co-founder Birdman (then known as Baby) and former Cash Money in-house producer Mannie Fresh. Baby later changed his stage name to Birdman after the duo was dissolved. The Big Tymers released their debut album in 1997 titled "How You Luv That", and a re-release version of their debut album, "How You Luv That Vol. 2" which gave them an abundant amount of publicity afterwards. They recorded their first platinum-selling album in 2000 titled "I Got That Work". The lead single from "I Got That Work", "Number One Stunna" peaked at No. 24 on the Billboard Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles & Tracks. The group released its most successful album in 2002 titled "Hood Rich". The album reached No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 200 and spawned a major hit in "Still Fly" which reached No. 11 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. Later in 2002, Mannie Fresh resigned from Cash Money Records because of financial dispute with Birdman, and his brother Slim. The group later reunited again in 2003 for their final album titled "Big Money Heavyweight". During an appearance on MTV RapFix, Lil Wayne announced that there will be a Big Tymers album featuring Birdman, himself, and Drake. Birdman stated that Mannie Fresh will not be a part of the project. The project is now unlikely to happen, due to the fading relationship between Birdman and Lil Wayne.

[Wikipedia: Digital ecology] In evolutionary biology digital ecology is a current of thought that posits the fusion or union of the virtual (digital information) and the real (basic life forms). It suggests that all life forms are networks. An important writer in this field was Lynn Margulis, with the speculations on her work made by the cultural historian William Irwin Thompson.

[Wikipedia: Starrcade (1992)] Starrcade (1992): BattleBowl/The Lethal Lottery II was a major annual professional wrestling show, broadcast on pay-per-view (PPV) that took place on December 28, 1992, from The Omni in Atlanta, Georgia. The show was produced by World Championship Wrestling (WCW) and was the 10th overall show under that banner since its inception in 1983. The focus of the show was the second ever "Lethal Lottery" / "Battle Bowl" tournament where randomly paired tag teams competed for a spot in the Battle Bowl battle royal at the end of the night. The show also saw Ron Simmons defend the WCW World Heavyweight Championship against "Dr. Death" Steve Williams, the team of Shane Douglas and Ricky Steamboat putting the WCW World Tag Team Championship on the line against the team of Brian Pillman and Barry Windham and Masahiro Chono defend the NWA World Heavyweight Championship against The Great Muta. In addition Sting faced off against Vader in the finals of the ""King of Cable"" tournament.

[Wikipedia: Medinilla] Medinilla is a genus of about 193 species of flowering plants in the family Melastomataceae, native to tropical regions of the Old World from Africa (two species) east through Madagascar (about 70 species) and southern Asia to the western Pacific Ocean islands. The genus was named after J. de Medinilla, governor of the Mariana Islands in 1820.

[Wikipedia: Oswego, Kansas] Oswego is a city in and the county seat of Labette County, Kansas, United States, and situated along the Neosho River. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 1,829.

[Wikipedia: America (band)] America achieved significant popularity in the 1970s and was famous for the trio's close vocal harmonies and light acoustic folk rock sound. The band released a string of hit albums and singles, many of which found airplay on pop/soft rock stations.

[Wikipedia: The Tomfoolery Show] The Tomfoolery Show is an American cartoon comedy television series made and first broadcast in 1970, based on the works of Edward Lear. The animation was done at the Halas and Batchelor Studios in London and Stroud. Though the works of other writers were also used, notably Lewis Carroll and Ogden Nash, Lear's works were the main source, and characters like the Yongy-Bonghy-Bo and the Umbrageous Umbrella Maker were all Lear creations. Other regular characters included the Enthusiastic Elephant, the Fizzgiggious Fish, and the Scroobious Snake. Some original material was also written based on characters created by Lear, although much of the material was a straight recital of poems and limericks or songs using Lear's poems set to music. A recurring joke had a delivery boy running around trying to deliver a large plant and shouting 'Plant for Mrs Discobolus!'.

[Wikipedia: Marco Tardelli] Marco Tardelli (] ; born 24 September 1954) is an Italian former football player and manager. At club level, he played as a defensive midfielder for several Italian clubs; he began his career with Pisa, and later played for Como, Juventus, and Internazionale, before retiring with Swiss club St. Gallen. He enjoyed a highly successful career with Juventus, winning five league titles, as well as multiple Coppa Italia titles, and four major UEFA competitions (European Cup, Cup Winner's Cup, UEFA Cup and UEFA Super Cup), becoming one of the first three players ever to win all three major UEFA club competitions, along with Italy and Juventus teammates Antonio Cabrini and Gaetano Scirea. A FIFA World Cup-winner, Tardelli also achieved success with the Italian national team: he represented his nation at a total of three FIFA World Cups (1978, 1982 and 1986), winning the 1982 edition of the tournament, while he managed a fourth-place finish in 1978; he also took part at UEFA Euro 1980, in which he managed a fourth-place finish on home soil, and was named to the team of the tournament.

[Wikipedia: Cladorhiza inversa] Cladorhiza inversa is a species of sponge in the taxonomic category of Demospongiae. The body of the sponge consists of a spicule and fibers and is water absorbent.

[Wikipedia: 3rd Arkansas Field Battery] The 3rd Arkansas Field Battery (1860–1865) was a Confederate Army artillery battery from Pulaski County, Arkansas, during the American Civil War. The battery is also known as the Totten Light Artillery, Pulaski Light Artillery, the Weaver Light Artillery, Woodruff’s Battery, and Marshall's Battery. The battery originated as a pre-war Militia company, initially enrolled in state service. After the Battle of Wilson's Creek, the battery was release from state service and eventually reorganized for Confederate Service. The battery provided the initial training for the leaders of numerous other Arkansas artillery batteries during the Civil War. The battery spent its entire service in the Department of the Trans-Mississippi.

[Wikipedia: PATH (rail system)] Port Authority Trans-Hudson, abbreviated PATH, is a rapid transit system serving Newark, Harrison, Hoboken, and Jersey City in metropolitan northern New Jersey, as well as lower and midtown Manhattan in New York City. The PATH is operated by, and named after, the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey. PATH trains run 24 hours a day and 7 days a week.

[Wikipedia: Remy Ma] Reminisce Mackie (née Smith; May 30, 1980), known professionally as Remy Ma, (formerly Remy Martin), is an American rapper. She contributed to the songs "Ante Up (Remix)" (2001), "Lean Back" (2004), "Conceited" (2006) and "All the Way Up" (2016). She is one of only five female rappers to ever top the "Billboard" charts and one of only three multiple winners of the BET Award for Best Female Hip-Hop Artist, which she won in 2005 and 2017.

[Wikipedia: James Alan Shelton] James Alan Shelton (November 3, 1960 – June 3, 2014) was an American bluegrass guitarist. Shelton was a solo musician, released 10 albums, and performed with the Clinch Mountain Boys.

[Wikipedia: Martina von Trapp] Martina von Trapp (17 February 1921 – 25 February 1951) was a member of the Trapp Family Singers and was the seventh child of Georg von Trapp and his first wife, Agatha Whitehead von Trapp. She was a member of the Trapp Family Singers, whose lives were the inspiration for the play and movie "The Sound of Music". She was portrayed as the character "Gretl".

[Wikipedia: Juice] Juice is a beverage made from the extraction or pressing out of the natural liquid contained in fruit and vegetables. It can also refer to liquids that are flavored with these or other biological food sources such as meat and seafood (e.g., clam juice). Juice is commonly consumed as a beverage or used as an ingredient or flavoring in foods or other beverages, such as smoothies. Juice emerged as a popular beverage choice after the development of pasteurization methods allowed for its preservation without using fermentation (the approach used with wine production). The Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO) estimated the total world production of citrus fruit juices to be 12,840,318 tonnes in 2012. The largest fruit juice consumers are New Zealand (nearly a cup, or 8 ounces, each day) and Colombia (more than three quarters of a cup each day). Fruit juice consumption on average increased with country income level. To the American food industry, fruit juice is more profitable than only fruit.

[Wikipedia: Band of Skulls] Band of Skulls are an English rock band from Southampton, consisting of Russell Marsden (guitar, vocals), Emma Richardson (bass, vocals), and Matt Hayward (drums). The group formed after meeting in college, although Marsden and Hayward have been friends since school. Band of Skulls have released four studio albums, their most recent being "By Default" in May 2016.

[Wikipedia: Qazi Touqeer] Qazi (Kashmiri: قاضی توقیر , born 2 June 1992 in Srinagar) is a Kashmiri singer, who won the show "Fame Gurukul" – along with Ruprekha Banerjee. He is a singer in the Kashmiri, Hindi and Urdu languages. On 20 October 2005, he managed to grab the top prize along with Ruprekha Banerjee. He was voted by the Indian public to be the winner of "Fame Gurukul", India's version of "Fame Academy." The president of India, in regards to Qazi Touqeer, declared him to be the hero of Kashmir. As a result of Qazi's success, a plethora of Kashmiri youth auditioned in Indian Idol tryouts, which were held in Srinagar, a city in the Kashmir Valley.

[Wikipedia: Milium (plant)] Milium (vernacular name milletgrass) is a genus of Eurasian, North American, and North African plants in the grass family.

[Wikipedia: Dorilla in Tempe] Dorilla in Tempe is a melodramma eroico pastorale in three acts by composer Antonio Vivaldi with an Italian libretto by Antonio Maria Lucchini. The opera premiered at the Teatro San Angelo in Venice on 9 November 1726. Vivaldi later revised the opera numerous times for several difference performances throughout the second half of his career.

[Wikipedia: Brothers in Arms Tour] The Brothers in Arms Tour was a concert tour by British rock band Dire Straits of the Balkans, Israel, Europe, North America, and Oceania. The tour started on 25 April 1985 in Yugoslavia and ended on 26 April 1986 in Sydney, Australia. The tour included 248 concerts in 23 countries and 117 cities—all concerts were sold out. More than two and a half million people attended the tour. The tour promoted and supported the group's fifth album, "Brothers in Arms", which was released in May 1985.

[Wikipedia: Deepdale] Deepdale is a football stadium in the Deepdale area of Preston, England, the home of Preston North End F.C.

[Wikipedia: Mohammad Abdi] Mohammad Abdi (Persian:محمد عبدی, Tehran, Iran, 1974) is a writer, film critic, and art researcher. He has written articles for more than 40 publications and journals in Persian in Iran and abroad. From 1999 - 2000, Abdi served as editor-in-chief of "Seventh Art" magazine, a theoretic magazine on film and cinema. In 1998, Abdi published "Film Criticism in Iran", an analytical, historical study on film criticism in Iran. He and some other film critics were arrested in 2003 by the government of Islamic republic of Iran in reprisal for his articles.

[Wikipedia: Sergei Aleksandrovich Kudryavtsev] Sergei Aleksandrovich Kudryavtsev (1903 – April 25, 1938) was a Ukrainian communist Soviet politician. He was born in Kharkiv. During the Great Purge, he was arrested on October 13, 1937 and later executed by firing squad. After the death of Joseph Stalin, he was rehabilitated in 1956.

[Wikipedia: No Light, No Light] No Light, No Light is a song by English indie rock band Florence and the Machine from their second studio album, "Ceremonials" (2011). The song was written by band members Florence Welch and Isabella Summers while the production was handled by Paul Epworth. Island Records released the song as the second single from the album on 16 January 2012. The song was the first one written for the album in the band's tour bus in Amsterdam. Lyrically, in the song, Welch is expressing frustration about the state of her fragile relationship and she further tries to keep it together. "No Light, No Light" received positive reviews by music critics who generally praised Welch's vocals and the drum-led instrumentation. It was also placed on several critics' year-end lists of best singles. The song peaked at number fifty on the UK Singles Chart, the Irish Singles Chart and number thirty nine on the US "Billboard" Alternative Songs chart.

[Wikipedia: Finnish presidential election, 1978] Two-stage presidential elections were held in Finland in 1978, the first since 1968 after Urho Kekkonen's term was extended by four years by Parliament. The public elected presidential electors to an electoral college on 15 and 16 January. They in turn elected the President. The result was a victory for Urho Kekkonen, who won on the first ballot. The turnout for the popular vote was 64.3. Kekkonen had in the spring of 1975 agreed to become the Social Democratic presidential candidate, and after that all the major Finnish political parties chose him as their candidate. Kekkonen's opponents, such as the Christian League's presidential candidate Raino Westerholm, claimed that Kekkonen's long presidency weakened the Finnish democracy. Over one-third of the Finnish voters abstained from voting, partly as a protest against Kekkonen's expected landslide victory. The 77-year-old President Kekkonen's health was already declining, although this fact was not easily noticeable in his public appearances (see, for example, Timo Vihavainen, "The Welfare Finland" (Hyvinvointi-Suomi), pgs. 883-884 in Seppo Zetterberg et al., eds., A Small Giant of the Finnish History / Suomen historian pikkujättiläinen. Helsinki: WSOY, 2003; Pentti Virrankoski, A History of Finland / Suomen historia, volumes 1&2. Helsinki: Finnish Literature Society (Suomalaisen Kirjallisuuden Seura), 2009, pg. 963; Aarno Laitinen et al., eds., Tamminiemi's Inheritance Dividers (Tamminiemen pesänjakajat). Helsinki: Journalists Ltd. (Lehtimiehet Oy), 1981).

[Wikipedia: Mike Archer (American football)] Mike Archer (born July 26, 1953) is an American football coach and former player. He is currently the assistant head coach and linebackers at the University of Virginia. From 1987 to 1990, Archer was the head football coach at Louisiana State University, where he compiled a record of 27–18–1. Archer has also served as an assistant coach at his alma mater, University of Miami, the University of Virginia, and the University of Kentucky, and with the Pittsburgh Steelers of the National Football League (NFL).

[Wikipedia: 2017 Pakistan Super League spot-fixing scandal] The 2017 Pakistan Super League spot-fixing scandal arose in February 2017 when the Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB) suspended cricketers under its anti-corruption code in an ongoing investigation backed by International Cricket Council (ICC)'s Anti-Corruption and Security Unit on spot-fixing during the 2017 Pakistan Super League. The six cricketers suspended by the PCB are: Sharjeel Khan (on 10 February), Khalid Latif (on 10 February), Nasir Jamshed (on 13 February), Mohammad Irfan (on 14 March), Shahzaib Hasan (on 17 March) and Mohammad Nawaz (16 May).

[Wikipedia: New York State Route 125] New York State Route 125 (NY 125) is a 7.50 mi north–south state highway located within Westchester County, New York, in the United States. The route begins at an intersection with U.S. Route 1 (US 1) in the town of Mamaroneck and ends at a junction with NY 22 in the city of White Plains. A section of the route in the city of White Plains is maintained by Westchester County and co-designated as County Route 26 (CR 26). A second county-owned segment exists along the New Rochelle–Scarsdale line as County Route 129. Both numbers are unsigned. NY 125 was assigned as part of the 1930 renumbering of state highways in New York, initially extending from US 1 to Mamaroneck Avenue in White Plains. It was extended north to NY 22 in the mid-1930s.

[Wikipedia: CJ Jones] CJ Jones is a deaf American actor residing in Los Angeles. He is one of the subjects of "". Jones gave his first feature film performance in Edgar Wright's "Baby Driver" (2017), in which he portrays Joseph, the deaf foster father of Ansel Elgort's protagonist.

[Wikipedia: Don Caballero] Don Caballero was an American math rock group from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The group took its name from the character Guy Caballero, portrayed by Joe Flaherty, on the sketch comedy show "Second City Television". In "SCTV's" parody of the film "The Godfather", Guy Caballero is called "Don Caballero".

[Wikipedia: The Master Puppeteer] The Master Puppeteer (1975) is a historical novel for children by Katherine Paterson. It won the 1977 U.S. National Book Award in category Children’s Literature.

[Wikipedia: T. Rex (band)] T. Rex were an English rock band, formed in 1967 by singer-songwriter and guitarist Marc Bolan. The band was initially called Tyrannosaurus Rex, and released four psychedelic folk albums under this name. In 1969, Bolan began to shift from the band's early acoustic sound to an electric one. The following year, he shortened their name to T. Rex. The 1970 release of the single "Ride a White Swan" marked the culmination of this development, and the group soon became a commercial success as part of the emerging glam rock scene.

[Wikipedia: List of Medal of Honor recipients for World War I] World War I (also known as the First World War and the Great War) was a global military conflict that embroiled most of the world's great powers, assembled in two opposing alliances: the Entente and the Central Powers. The immediate cause of the war was the June 28, 1914 assassination of Archduke Franz Ferdinand, heir to the Austro-Hungarian throne, by Gavrilo Princip, a Bosnian Serb citizen of Austria–Hungary and member of the Black Hand. The retaliation by Austria–Hungary against Serbia activated a series of alliances that set off a chain reaction of war declarations. Within a month, much of Europe was in a state of open warfare, resulting in the mobilization of more than 65 million European soldiers, and more than 40 million casualties—including approximately 20 million deaths by the end of the war.

[Wikipedia: 63rd National Hockey League All-Star Game] The 63rd National Hockey League All-Star Game, also known as the 2018 NHL All-Star Game, will be held at Amalie Arena in Tampa, Florida, home of the Tampa Bay Lightning on January 28, 2018. Tampa last held the NHL All Star Game in 1999. The All-Star Game will be played in lieu of NHL participation in the 2018 Olympics, as the NHL Board of Governors ruled against interrupting the season to send players to PyeongChang from 10–25 February.

[Wikipedia: Owens &amp; Minor] Owens & Minor () is a Fortune 500 company based in Mechanicsville, Virginia, just outside of Richmond. Owens & Minor, Inc. is a healthcare logistics company specializing in contracting packages of healthcare products for hospitals. Owens and Minor's tagline is "Connecting the World of Medical Products to the Point of Care". The company provides supply chain services to healthcare providers and manufacturers of healthcare products, including disposable medical supplies as well as devices and implants. Owens and Minor has logistics operations in the United States and Europe, where three quarters of global healthcare spending occurs. Owens & Minor’s customers span the healthcare market from independent hospitals to large integrated healthcare networks, as well as group purchasing organizations, healthcare products manufacturers, and the federal government. Owens & Minor is headquartered in Mechanicsville, Virginia, and has annualized revenues exceeding $9 billion.

[Wikipedia: Łabędź coat of arms] Łabędź (Polish for "Swan") is a Polish coat of arms. It was used by many noble families known as "szlachta" in Polish in medieval Poland and later under the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth, branches of the original medieval Duninowie ("Łabędzie") family as well as families connected with the Clan by adoption.

[Wikipedia: Food For Less] Food For Less was an Australian discount supermarket chain owned by Woolworths Limited. It was originally established in Queensland, where a discount 'food barn' chain operating as "Jack the Slasher" was acquired by Woolworths in the early 1980s. It later expanded into New South Wales and became the low-cost supermarket chain for Woolworths, competing with Franklins No Frills and Coles' Bi-Lo. The chain expanded on the purchase of 67 of the Franklins supermarket chain stores in New South Wales and Queensland by Woolworths. The "No Frills" stores then became Food For Less stores with a more upmarket appearance (edging closer to that of Woolworths) and also launched a new logo at the same time. It is positioned as a budget low-cost chain and while it mainly sells dry groceries and frozen perishables only, a small number of older stores also sell fruit and vegetables. Since 2010 most stores have closed or been refurbished and converted into Woolworths. As of April 2016 only 2 stores remain open, Roselands and Beresfield NSW. The store in Maryborough QLD closed its doors in November 2016. However, due to competition from Aldi, Woolworths have considered reviving the budget brand.

[Wikipedia: Birra Tirana] Birra Tirana "(English: Tirana Beer )" is a beer company based in Tirana, Albania. It is the largest beer producer and the largest selling beer in the country. It is also exported and sold in Kosovo and the United States. The company is fabricated by Birra Malto Brewery. It currently produces three different beer brands. Birra Tirana is sold both in bottles and cans of 0.33 lit and 0.5 lit and also in kegs 30 liters and 50 liters.

[Wikipedia: Mark Hinkle] Mark Hinkle (born January 28, 1951) is an American libertarian activist and businessperson. He was the National Chairman of the United States Libertarian Party until 2012. He was elected by the delegates of the 2010 Libertarian National Convention in St. Louis, Missouri on May 30, 2010.

[Wikipedia: Nancy Spungen] Nancy Laura Spungen (February 27, 1958 – October 12, 1978) was the American girlfriend of Sex Pistols bassist Sid Vicious and a figure of the 1970s punk rock scene. Spungen's life and death have been the subject of controversy among music historians and fans of the Sex Pistols.

[Wikipedia: Illmatic] Illmatic is the debut studio album by American rapper Nas. It was released on April 19, 1994, by Columbia Records. After signing with the label with the help of MC Serch, Nas recorded the album in 1992 and 1993 at Chung King Studios, D&D Recording, Battery Studios, and Unique Recording Studios in New York City. Its production was handled by DJ Premier, Large Professor, Pete Rock, Q-Tip, L.E.S. and Nas himself. Styled as a hardcore hip hop album, "Illmatic" features multi-syllabic internal rhymes and inner-city narratives based on Nas's experiences in Queensbridge, New York.

[Wikipedia: Mrs. Frisby and the Rats of NIMH] Mrs. Frisby and the Rats of NIMH is a 1971 children's book by Robert C. O'Brien, with illustrations by Zena Bernstein. The winner of the 1972 Newbery Medal, the story was adapted for film in 1982 as "The Secret of NIMH".

[Wikipedia: Tim Hecker] Tim Hecker is an electronic musician and sound artist based in Los Angeles, United States and Montreal, Canada. Hecker previously recorded under the moniker Jetone, but has become known internationally for ambient recordings released under his own name, such as "Harmony in Ultraviolet" (2006) and "Ravedeath, 1972" (2011). He has released eight albums and a number of EPs in addition to collaborations with artists such as Ben Frost, Daniel Lopatin, and Aidan Baker. His latest album "Love Streams" was released on his new label 4AD on 8 April 2016.

[Wikipedia: Heze] Heze () is a prefecture-level city in southwestern Shandong, China. It is home to 8,287,693 inhabitants, of whom 1,346,717 live in the built-up ("or metro") area comprising Mudan District. The westernmost prefecture-level city in Shandong, it borders Jining to the east and the provinces of Henan and Anhui to the west and south respectively. The old name of Heze was Caozhou (曹州 ; Cáozhōu) and now a part of the city bears this name. The first character in the city's name is sometimes incorrectly written as "荷 " instead.

[Wikipedia: Charlton Young] Charlton Young (born August 15, 1971) is an American college basketball assistant coach at Florida State and the former head coach of the Georgia Southern University Eagles men's basketball team, located in Statesboro, Georgia. He was the head coach of the Eagles from 2009-2013 and was the twelfth coach in the history of the program, replacing Jeff Price. The Eagles were collectively and individually successful during his four seasons as the head coach at the Statesboro, Ga., school. He led the Eagles to a second place finish in the Southern Conference standings in 2012 as the team earned the second-best turnaround in league history. For his efforts he was honored as the Southern Conference Coach of the Year by multiple publications (including rushthecourt.net) and was a finalist for the Ben Jobe Award which is presented annually to the top Division I minority head coach. Young coached four All-Southern Conference selections including Willie Powers (all-conference third team in 2010) and Eric Ferguson (all-conference first team in 2013, all-conference first-team and All-Southern Conference Tournament team in 2012 and the All-Freshman team in 2011). The selections of Powers and Ferguson to the all-conference team in 2013 marked the first time since 2007 that multiple Georgia Southern players had earned all-conference accolades in the same season. In 2013, he led the Eagles to a victory over Virginia Tech for the first win in program history over a team from the ACC.

[Wikipedia: Cliff Nielsen] Cliff Nielsen is a book illustrator and comic book artist. The Internet Speculative Fiction Database credits him with cover art for about 500 book and magazine covers published since 1994 Nielsen is best known for his work on projects such as Star Wars, The X-Files, Chronicles of Narnia among many projects including advertising campaigns, designs, and magazines. His illustrations have been recognized for their excellence by the Society of Illustrators, Print, and Spectrum among others . Feature articles focusing on his work appear in design publications and fanzine magazines. Nielsen has been an international speaker on digital art and has served as a judge for the Society of Illustrators and a variety of professional illustration award programs. He lives in Los Angeles, California.

[Wikipedia: Shauna Robertson] Shauna Robertson (born circa 1975) is a Canadian film producer. She has worked frequently with Judd Apatow, and has produced a number of films for Apatow Productions, including "", "The 40-Year-Old Virgin", "Knocked Up", "Superbad", "Forgetting Sarah Marshall" and "Pineapple Express".

[Wikipedia: Husbands and Knives] "Husbands & Knives" is the seventh episode of "The Simpsons"<nowiki>'</nowiki> nineteenth season. It first aired on the Fox network in the United States on November 18, 2007. It features guest appearances from Alan Moore, Art Spiegelman, and Dan Clowes as themselves and Jack Black as Milo. It was written by Matt Selman and directed by Nancy Kruse. The title is a reference to the Woody Allen film "Husbands and Wives".

[Wikipedia: Phil Abraham] Phil Abraham is an American cinematographer and television director. He worked on all six seasons of "The Sopranos", initially as a camera operator, then as a cinematographer and eventually as an episodic director. He won the 2008 Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Cinematography for a One Hour Series for his work on the pilot of "Mad Men" and has been nominated for four other Primetime Emmy Awards for Outstanding Cinematography for a Single-Camera Series for his work on "The Sopranos". Besides working as a cinematographer for "Mad Men", he has also worked as a director for fifteen episodes. He picked up two more nominations for a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Directing for a Drama Series for "Mad Men" episodes "The Jet Set" and "The Other Woman". He attended high school at York Preparatory School and graduated from Wesleyan University, along with "Mad Men" creator Matthew Weiner.

[Wikipedia: Brad Holman] Bradley Thomas Holman (born February 9, 1968 in Kansas City, Missouri) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher for the Seattle Mariners (). Holman's brother Brian was also a Major League Baseball pitcher who played for Seattle and Montreal.

[Wikipedia: Remix] A remix is a piece of media which has been altered from its original state by adding, removing, and/or changing pieces of the item. A song, piece of artwork, book, video, or photograph can all be remixes. The only characteristic of a remix is that it appropriates and changes other materials to create something new.

[Wikipedia: Hail to the Thief] Hail to the Thief is the sixth studio album by the English rock band Radiohead. It was released on 9 June 2003, by Parlophone Records in the United Kingdom, and a day later by Capitol Records in the United States. Following "Kid A" (2000) and "Amnesiac" (2001), which incorporated jazz, classical and electronic music influences, "Hail to the Thief" combines alternative rock instrumentation with drum machines, synthesisers, and digital manipulation.

[Wikipedia: Operalia, The World Opera Competition] Operalia, The World Opera Competition is an annual international competition for young opera singers. Founded in 1993 by Plácido Domingo, the competition has helped launch the careers of several important artists, such as Joseph Calleja, Giuseppe Filianoti, Rolando Villazón, José Cura, Joyce DiDonato, Elizabeth Futral, Inva Mula, Ana María Martínez and Sonya Yoncheva.

[Wikipedia: Boyz n da Hood (disambiguation)] Boyz n da Hood is an American Southern gangsta rap group.

[Wikipedia: Blue and Gray (board game)] Blue and Gray is an strategy board game for two players invented by Henry Busch and Arthur Jaeger in 1903. They obtained a patent for the game, but may never have published it. Blue and Gray was featured in the book "A Gamut of Games" (1969) by Sid Sackson. It was also featured in "The Book of Classic Board Games" (1991) by Klutz Press under the name Cats and Dogs. In this book, the game was ranked among the top 15 board games of all time, including checkers, backgammon, Go, and mancala. The game is also known as Wild West, Thumps Game, and Captain and Soldiers. The name Blue and Gray "refers to the uniforms of the South and the North in the Civil War and in the original game the playing pieces of the contestants were of those colors."

[Wikipedia: Markus Henriksen] Markus Henriksen (born 25 July 1992) is a Norwegian professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Championship club Hull City.

[Wikipedia: Jamill Kelly] Larry Jamill Kelly (born October 25, 1977) is an American freestyle wrestler. He represented the United States at the 2004 Summer Olympic Games where he earned a silver medal. Up until August 2010 he was the head coach of Dallas Dynamite Wrestling Club in Dallas, Texas. In 2015, he became a guest wrestling coach for Daniel Cormier, Luke Rockhold and Cain Velasquez, all from the American Kickboxing Academy.

[Wikipedia: Philip Nevill Green] Philip Nevill Green CBE (born 12 May 1953) is a British business executive. He became Chairman of Carillion in May 2014 and has been Chairman of BakerCorp since June 2011, following the company's acquisition by the private equity firm, Permira. Green is also Chairman Designate of Williams & Glyn, the UK challenger bank that is being divested by Royal Bank of Scotland. From 2006 to 2011 he was executive of the United Utilities when he was succeeded by Steve Mogford, and was the chairman of the shipbroker, Clarkson. He advised the British prime minister David Cameron on issues such as corporate responsibility. In addition, he has supported several charity projects including charity Sentebale and the charity "Hope Through Action". He graduated from the University of Wales and got a master's degree in business from London Business School.

[Wikipedia: Cape Emine] Cape Emine (Bulgarian: Нос Емине ) is a headland located at the Bulgarian Black Sea Coast. It is located 49 miles south of Varna, 34 miles north of Burgas and 9 miles south of Obzor. It forms the tip of Stara Planina. Cape Emine is said to be Bulgaria's stormiest cape.

[Wikipedia: Claudia Drake] Claudia Drake (January 30, 1918 – October 19, 1997) was an American actress and singer. She appeared in a number of B Movies in a mixture of leading and supporting roles. She starred in the 1945 film noir "Detour".

[Wikipedia: House of the Jesuits, Cartagena] The Casa de los Jesuitas is a large building located in Cartagena de Indias, in Colombia. The first Jesuit House in Cartagena, home of the College of the Company in 1604, was located in the old Plaza del Muelle, now it is located on Calle de la Ronda street, and serves as headquarters for the Naval Museum. When the section of the Walls that closed the city to the southwest was built, a part of it occupied the ground of the Jesuit College, reason why the governor don Francisco de Murga authorized to the Company of Jesus to raise their house on the Wall, not without it triggering a heated debate. Years later, the governor don Melchor Aguilera obtained a royal cedula that ordered the demolition of the House of the Company of Jesus, to which opposed the disciples of Loyola, being instituted a long litigation, whose solution entrusted the King to the governor of Cartagena de Indias , Don Luis Fernández de Córdoba.

[Wikipedia: The Man from Snowy River (soundtrack)] "The Man from Snowy River is the original motion picture soundtrack from the 1982 film "The Man from Snowy River".

[Wikipedia: The March Hare (1956 film)] The March Hare is a 1956 British comedy film directed by George More O'Ferrall and starring Peggy Cummins, Terence Morgan, Martita Hunt and Cyril Cusack. The film follows the efforts in Ireland to turn a seemingly useless racing horse into a Derby-winner.

[Wikipedia: King Duncan] King Duncan is a fictional character in Shakespeare's "Macbeth." He is the father of two youthful sons (Malcolm and Donalbain), and the victim of a well-plotted regicide in a power grab by his trusted captain Macbeth. The origin of the character lies in a narrative of the historical Donnchad mac Crinain, King of Scots, in Raphael Holinshed's 1587 "The Chronicles of England, Scotland, and Ireland," a history of Britain familiar to Shakespeare and his contemporaries. Unlike Holinshed's incompetent King Duncan (who is credited in the narrative with a "feeble and slothful administration"), Shakespeare's King Duncan is crafted as a sensitive, insightful, and generous father-figure whose murder grieves Scotland and is accounted the cause of turmoil in the natural world.

[Wikipedia: Karl-Konstantin von Habsburg] Karl-Konstantin von Habsburg (Given names: Karl-Konstantin Michael Stephan Maria; born on 20 July 2004 in Budapest) referred to in Austria as Karl-Konstantin Habsburg-Lothringen, in Hungary as Habsburg Károly Konstantin, and also as Archduke Karl-Konstantin of Austria, is the only son of Georg von Habsburg and Duchess Eilika of Oldenburg. s of 2016 , he is considered third in line of succession to the former Austro-Hungarian throne. He is the great-grandson of Emperor Charles I of Austria through his grandfather Otto von Habsburg. Through his maternal grandfather, he is a descendant of George II of Great Britain, and would therefore be in line for the British throne were he not a Catholic and barred by the Act of Settlement.

[Wikipedia: MedStar Georgetown University Hospital] MedStar Georgetown University Hospital is one of the national capital area's oldest academic teaching hospitals. It is a not-for-profit, acute care teaching and research facility located in the Georgetown neighborhood of the Northwest Quadrant of Washington, D.C. MedStar Georgetown is co-located with the Georgetown University Medical Center and is affiliated with the Georgetown University School of Medicine. Its clinical services represent one of the largest, most geographically diverse, and fully integrated healthcare and delivery networks in the area. MedStar Georgetown is home to the internationally known Lombardi Comprehensive Cancer Center, as well as centers of excellence in the neurology, neurosurgery, psychiatry, gastroenterology, transplant and vascular surgery. Originally named Georgetown University Hospital, it became part of the MedStar Health network in 2000.

[Wikipedia: Ed Wood] Edward Davis Wood Jr. (October 10, 1924 – December 10, 1978) was an American filmmaker, actor, writer, producer, and director.

[Wikipedia: Love and Pain and the Whole Damn Thing] Love and Pain and the Whole Damn Thing is a 1973 American comedy-drama film directed by Alan J. Pakula. It is often categorized as a drama, but contains many comic elements. Maggie Smith and Timothy Bottoms star.

[Wikipedia: Ashtar (extraterrestrial being)] Ashtar (sometimes called Ashtar Sheran) is the name given to an extraterrestrial being or group of beings which a number of people claim to have channeled. UFO contactee George Van Tassel was likely the first to claim to receive an Ashtar message, in 1952. Since then many different claims about Ashtar have appeared in different contexts. The Ashtar movement is studied by academics as a prominent form of UFO religion.

[Wikipedia: Frodingham, Lincolnshire] Frodingham was a hamlet in Lincolnshire which has grown into a suburb of Scunthorpe, North Lincolnshire. Although the village lay directly to the south of what is now Scunthorpe town centre, the name Frodingham is now often used to refer to the area directly to the north of the town centre.

[Wikipedia: ViaPort Florida] ViaPort Florida (formerly known as Lake Square Mall) is an enclosed shopping mall in Leesburg, Florida. Opened on September 24, 1980, it is managed by Lake Square Mall Realty Management and Via Properties. Anchor stores are Belk, Sears, and Via Entertainment

[Wikipedia: Run the World] "Run the World" is a song recorded by American entertainer Jennifer Lopez for her seventh studio album "Love?" (2011). Written and produced by Terius "The-Dream" Nash and C. "Tricky" Stewart, "Run the World" was one of several songs recorded with the duo following Lopez's move from Epic Records to Island Records. The track originally featured vocals from The-Dream and a rap verse from American rapper Rick Ross however, the rap verse was removed during mastering process and The-Dream was credited with background vocals instead.

[Wikipedia: Lawrence Lockman] Lawrence E. Lockman is an American lumber worker, lobbyist and political activist from Amherst, Maine, who has served as a Republican member of the Maine House of Representatives since 2012. A 2014 article in "Bangor Daily News" documenting controversial statements he has made over the years on the subjects of rape, HIV, and homosexuality, has drawn attention from political websites such as "Daily Kos" and "Salon.com".

[Wikipedia: Infrared Science Archive] The Infrared Science Archive (IRSA) curates the science products of NASA's infrared and submillimeter projects, such as the Spitzer Space Telescope, the Wide-field Infrared Survey Explorer (WISE), the Infrared Astronomical Satellite (IRAS), and the Two Micron All-Sky Survey (2MASS). IRSA also serves data from infrared and submillimeter European Space Agency missions with NASA participation, including the Infrared Space Observatory (ISO), Planck, and the Herschel Space Observatory. s of 2014 , IRSA provides access to more than 20 billion astronomical measurements, including all-sky coverage in 20 bands, spanning wavelengths from 1 micron to 10 millimeters. Approximately 10% of all refereed astronomical journal articles cite data sets curated by IRSA.

[Wikipedia: Joseph Lewis Cunningham] Joseph Lewis Cunningham (1784–1843) or J. L. Cunningham worked as an auctioneer in Boston, Massachusetts, in the first half of the 19th century. Among the many lots he sold were birds, horses, real estate, furniture, sea captains' charts, telescopes, American and European artworks, fishing line, feathers, fabric, guns, musical instruments, fruit trees, flower seeds, printers' equipment, and books.

[Wikipedia: Karan Kapoor] Karan Kapoor (born 18 January 1962) is a former Indian film actor and model of British and Indian descent. He is the son of Indian Bollywood International Actor Shashi Kapoor and his India settled (late) British Actress Jennifer Kendal. His paternal grandfather was Prithviraj Kapoor and his paternal uncles are Raj Kapoor and Shammi Kapoor. His elder brother Kunal Kapoor and sister Sanjana Kapoor have also acted in some films but like him they were not very successful. His maternal grandparents, Geoffrey Kendal and Laura Kendal, were actors who toured India and Asia with their theatre group, Shakespeareana, performing Shakespeare and Shaw. The Merchant Ivory film, "Shakespeare Wallah", was loosely based on the family, which starred his father and his aunt, actress Felicity Kendal. Karan later moved towards photography and decided to be a part of this profession though he worked as an actor too.

[Wikipedia: Ungod] Ungod is the debut album released in 1994 on Columbia Records by the American industrial rock band Stabbing Westward. The album was recorded in six weeks of 1993 in Chiswick, England, and released on February 15, 1994. With adequate album sales and touring with the likes of Depeche Mode a second album was warranted, "Wither Blister Burn & Peel". The guitar line in the chorus of the song "Ungod" was later used in Filter's song "Hey Man, Nice Shot." Stuart Zechman, who was also playing guitar for Filter at the time, took the riff and showed it to Stabbing Westward who ended up using it as well. The song "Nothing" appeared in the "Bad Boys" movie starring Will Smith, Martin Lawrence and Téa Leoni, but was not featured on the official soundtrack album. The song also accompanied the credits of the film "Johnny Mnemonic" and was included on the film's soundtrack, along with the song "Lost". "Lost", "Lies" and "Can't Happen Here" were used in the film "Mortal Kombat", but Stabbing Westward refused to include it in the official soundtrack. The "Thread Mix" of "Violent Mood Swings" was included in the Clerks soundtrack.

[Wikipedia: Corendon Airlines] Corendon Airlines is a Turkish leisure airline headquartered in Antalya and based at Antalya Airport.

[Wikipedia: 1981 Miami Dolphins season] The 1981 Miami Dolphins season was the 16th year of existence for the Miami Dolphins franchise. With the retirement of Bob Griese not much was expected out of the Dolphins. The Dolphins Defense, which became known as the Killer Bees because of the number of players whose last name began with the letter B. The Bees were Bill Barnett, Bob Baumhauer, Lyle Blackwood, Kim Bokamper, and Bob Brudzinski anchored a strong team. They finished 11-4-1, as Don Shula reached a milestone by winning his 200th game of his coaching career. In the Divisional Playoffs against the San Diego Chargers the Dolphins fell behind 24-0 early in front of a sold out crowd at the Orange Bowl. With time running out in the first Half the Dolphins desperately needed a score to get back in the game. Out of nowhere the Dolphins ran the old schoolyard hook and lateral play to success. On the play Quarterback Don Strock threw a pass over the middle to WR Duriel Harris who lateraled to WR Tony Nathan who ran the ball in for Touchdown. The play sparked the Dolphins who came back, and took a lead in the 4th Quarter. However, the Killer Bees could not contain Chargers QB Dan Fouts who tied the game, and forced overtime where the Chargers won the game on a Rolf Bernershka Field Goal in the 14th minute of overtime.

[Wikipedia: Don Quixote (1947 film)] Don Quixote or Don Quixote de la Mancha (orig. Spanish title "Don Quijote de la Mancha") is the first sound film version in Spanish of the great classic novel by Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra. It was directed and adapted by Rafael Gil and released in 1947. A huge undertaking for Spanish cinema in its day, it was the longest film version of the novel up to that time (two hours and twelve minutes, plus an intermission), and very likely the most faithful, reverently following the book in its dialogue and order of episodes, unlike G.W. Pabst's 1933 version and the later Russian film version, which scrambled up the order of the adventures as many film versions do. Characters such as Cardenio, Dorotea, and Don Fernando, which are usually omitted because their respective subplots have little to do with the main body of the novel, were kept in this film.

[Wikipedia: Scarlet Pleasure] Scarlet Pleasure is a Danish R&B, soul, funk and pop musical trio made up of Emil Goll as lead vocals, Alexander Malone on bass and Joachim Dencker on drums. The formative years of the all-Danish trio was in New York City. They released their 2014 EP "Mirage", 2016 album "Youth Is Wasted on the Young" and 2017 EP "Limbo" all charting on Tracklisten, the official Danish Albums Chart. The band is signed to Copenhagen Records.

[Wikipedia: Hotchkiss M1914 machine gun] The Mle 1914 Hotchkiss machine gun chambered for the 8mm Lebel cartridge became the standard machine gun of the French Army during World War I. It was manufactured by the French arms company Hotchkiss et Cie, which had been established in the 1860s by American industrialist Benjamin B. Hotchkiss. The gas-actuated Hotchkiss system was first formulated in 1895 by Odkolek von Ujezda and improved into its final form by Hotchkiss armament engineers Laurence Benét and Henri Mercié.

[Wikipedia: Descendants of the Sun] Descendants of the Sun () is a 2016 South Korean television series starring Song Joong-ki, Song Hye-kyo, Jin Goo, and Kim Ji-won. It aired on KBS2 from February 24 to April 14, 2016, on Wednesdays and Thursdays at 22:00 for 16 episodes. KBS then aired three additional special episodes from April 20 to April 22, 2016 containing highlights and the best scenes from the series, the drama's production process, behind-the-scenes footage, commentaries from cast members and the final epilogue.

[Wikipedia: Dana Sue Gray] Dana Sue Gray (born December 6, 1957) is an American serial killer who murdered three elderly women in 1994. She was caught after a fourth intended victim survived and identified her. Gray says she committed the murders to support her spending habits. She is now imprisoned in the California Women's Prison in Chowchilla.

[Wikipedia: James Lofton] James David Lofton (born July 5, 1956) is a former American football player and coach. He is a former coach for the San Diego Chargers but is best known for his years in the National Football League as a wide receiver for the Green Bay Packers (1978–1986), Los Angeles Raiders (1987–1988), the Buffalo Bills (1989–1992), Los Angeles Rams (1993) and Philadelphia Eagles (1993). He was also the NCAA champion in the long jump in 1978 while attending Stanford University. Lofton was inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 2003.

[Wikipedia: Jonas Renkse] Jonas Petter Renkse (born 19 May 1975) is a founding member, songwriter, lead vocalist (1991–1994, 1997-) and ex-drummer (1991–1994, 1996–1998) of the band Katatonia, founding member, songwriter, bassist, backing vocalist, ex-guitarist (2004) of the band Bloodbath.

[Wikipedia: Marcus Garvey: Look For Me in the Whirlwind] Marcus Garvey: Look For Me in the Whirlwind is a 2001 television documentary. It was produced by Firelight Media for the PBS series "American Experience". The film chronicles the rise and fall of Marcus Garvey, a Jamaican national who emigrated to the United States as a laborer in 1917 to then became the leader of the largest black organization in history. After 10 years in the United States, he was arrested and deported. The film includes interviews with people who were a part of Garvey's revolutionary movement.

[Wikipedia: Ken Karls] Ken Karls (born July 15, 1947) is a North Dakota political figure who served as the Chairman of the North Dakota Republican Party from 2003 until July 2007. On May 2, 2007 Karls announced that he would not be running for another two years in the job. Karls had been the state Republican chairman for four years, and his successor, Gary Emineth, was chosen at the party's committee meeting in Fargo in July.

[Wikipedia: Mitzi Kremer] Mitzi Patricia Kremer (born March 18, 1968), later known by her married name Mitzi Tighe, is an American former competition swimmer who represented the United States at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea. Kremer received a bronze medal as a member of the third-place U.S. team in the women's 4×100-meter freestyle relay, together with teammates Mary Wayte, Dara Torres and Laura Walker.

[Wikipedia: Equality Matters] Equality Matters is a media and communications initiative in support of LGBT rights in the United States. According to its website, Equality Matters is a partner organization with Media Matters for America, a progressive media watchdog group. Richard Socarides, longtime LGBT rights activist and former senior advisor to President Bill Clinton on gay civil rights issues, served as president of Equality Matters from its founding, and Kerry Eleveld, journalist for "The Advocate", served as editor beginning in 2011. Both announced their departure from the organization in November 2011.

[Wikipedia: Straight Blast Gym - Ireland] Straight Blast Gym Ireland is a mixed martial arts academy and professional team based in Dublin, Ireland. It is run by John Kavanagh, and is part of Straight Blast Gym International. The team has produced several Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC) fighters, including UFC Lightweight champion Conor McGregor.

[Wikipedia: Carles Rexach] Carles Rexach i Cerdà (] ) (born 13 January 1947), also referred to as Charly Rexach, is a former Spanish footballer and manager. He has spent the majority of his career at FC Barcelona. Rexach first joined the club as a junior player when he was 12. He was a player at the club for 22 years and then worked for them as a scout, coach and manager for another 22 years. Rexach formed a successful partnership with Johan Cruyff, both on and off the field. As players they helped FC Barcelona win La Liga in 1974, the club's first win in 14 years. He also served as assistant coach to Cruyff during the "Dream Team" era between 1988 and 1996. Rexach also served as caretaker manager of the club on three occasions before he was appointed manager in 2001.

[Wikipedia: Nepenthes chaniana] Nepenthes chaniana ( ; after Datuk Chan Chew Lun, Managing Director of Natural History Publications (Borneo)) is a tropical pitcher plant species belonging to the genus "Nepenthes". It is characterised by a dense indumentum of long, white hairs. Pitchers are cylindrical and mostly white to yellow in colouration. "Nepenthes chaniana" belongs to the loosely defined ""N. maxima" complex", which also includes, among other species, "N. boschiana", "N. epiphytica", "N. eymae", "N. faizaliana", "N. fusca", "N. klossii", "N. maxima", "N. platychila", "N. stenophylla", and "N. vogelii".

[Wikipedia: Houston, TX 12.17.16] Houston, TX 12.17.16 is an extended play by Irish-born electronic musician Richard D. James, released under the pseudonym Aphex Twin on 17 December 2016 on Warp. 500 copies of the EP were made available for sale at the Day For Night festival on the same day that Richard D. James performed there.

[Wikipedia: Paul Dinello] Paul Dinello (born November 28, 1962) is an American comedian, actor, writer, director, and producer. He is best known for his role as Geoffrey Jellineck on Comedy Central's "Strangers with Candy". Currently he is a writer and supervising producer for "The Late Show with Stephen Colbert", where he has made several on-camera appearances.

[Wikipedia: London Royal] London Royal is the fifth and final studio album from English singer/songwriter Get Cape. Wear Cape. Fly released on September 12, 2014 on Alcopop! Records. It was released on the same day as final the Get Cape. Wear Cape. Fly gig at The Forum, London.

[Wikipedia: St. Pius X Catholic School (Aurora, Colorado)] St. Pius X Catholic School is a private, Roman Catholic coeducational school located in Aurora, Colorado for grades pre-K through 8. St. Pius X Catholic School is located within the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Denver.

[Wikipedia: Admiral David G. Farragut (Ream statue)] Admiral David G. Farragut is a statue in Washington, D.C. honoring David Farragut, a career military officer who served as the first admiral in the United States Navy. The monument is sited in the center of Farragut Square, a city square in downtown Washington, D.C. The statue was sculpted by female artist Vinnie Ream, whose best known works include a statue of Abraham Lincoln and several statues in the National Statuary Hall Collection. The monument was dedicated in 1881 in an extravagant ceremony attended by President James A. Garfield, members of his cabinet, and thousands of spectators. It was the first monument erected in Washington, D.C. in honor of a naval war hero.

[Wikipedia: Jamal Anderson] Jamal Sharif Anderson (born September 30, 1972) is a former American football running back of the National Football League. He was drafted by the Atlanta Falcons in the seventh round of the 1994 NFL Draft. He played high school football at El Camino Real High School, where he was named to the CIF Los Angeles City Section 4-A All-City first team in 1989. He went on to play college football at Moorpark College for the Moorpark College Raiders before playing at Utah.

[Wikipedia: Adam Gubman] Adam Gubman (April 7, 1979) is an American songwriter, arranger, and composer. Gubman's work varies from music from video games to pop and to television program's soundtrack, and it has been featured on dozens of television shows and commercials (including "America's Got Talent", "G4Tech TV", "MTV", "Real Housewives of Miami", "Aurora" and "Alguien Te Mira" by Univision , "Corazòn Valiente", multiple national "SKECHERS" campaigns). Gubman has composed music for more than 550 video games, many for prominent interactive software development companies (including "Ubisoft", "Nexon", "Sony Online Interactive", "Activision", "Square Enix", "Konami", "Electronic Arts", "GSN", "Storm8", "Gree","Playdom","PlayFirst", and Disney Online Interactive).

[Wikipedia: Mr. Tumnus] Tumnus is a fictional character in C. S. Lewis' series "The Chronicles of Narnia". He is featured prominently in "The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe" and also appears in "The Horse and His Boy" and "The Last Battle". He is close friends with Lucy Pevensie and is the first creature she meets in Narnia, as well as the first Narnian to be introduced in the series. Lewis said that the first Narnia story, "The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe", all came to him from a single picture he had in his head of a faun carrying an umbrella and parcels through a snowy wood. In that way, Tumnus was the initial inspiration for the entire Narnia series.

[Wikipedia: The Hunt for Red October (console game)] The Hunt for Red October is a video game based on the movie "The Hunt for Red October". It was first released in 1991 for the Nintendo Entertainment System. Versions for the Game Boy and Super NES were subsequently released.

[Wikipedia: Yū Nakanishi] Yū Nakanishi (中西 悠 , Nakanishi Yū ) is a Japanese voice actress who is currently affiliated with Stardas 21. She was formerly affiliated with Aoni Production. She is not to be confused with another unrelated Japanese voice actress who is also affiliated with Stardas 21 named Haruka Nakanishi, which their full names only differentiate from one Kanji symbol. She has graduated from the Doshisha Women's College of Liberal Arts, which is a private college for women.

[Wikipedia: I Am... Gabriel] An unforgiving sun, a parched earth, and a failed economy have left a small Texas town desolate. For ten years Promise, Texas has known nothing but one curse after another. It's barren, broken, and dying, leaving a town full of despair. When a couple finds a boy walking along a dusty road, alone in the middle of nowhere, with nothing but a mat tucked under his arm, they pick him up in hopes of helping him. What they don't realize is that he has come to help them and the residents of Promise. No one knows who he is or where he came from. Some think he's an answer to prayer. Others think he's a runaway or a false prophet. And the only thing this boy will say about himself is that he's here to help. The town's sheriff, Brody, is determined to uncover the truth. But Brody has his own problems trying to hold a dying town together. Miracle after miracle takes place and the residents of Promise embrace the boy. But when the beloved town doctor dies, it is time for the truth to be revealed. The boy pleads with Brody in front of the whole town to believe that he's come to help, not to hurt anyone. Finally, with his back against the wall the boy reveals his true identity.

[Wikipedia: Denis Greenhill, Baron Greenhill of Harrow] Denis Arthur Greenhill, Baron Greenhill of Harrow (1913–2000) was the British Permanent Under-Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs and Head of the Diplomatic Service from 1969 to 1973; a respected expert on the US, Europe and the Soviet Union, he was actively involved in setting postwar Britain's role in the world in a new direction, away from its imperial past and a compliant involvement with the United States towards a more active engagement in Europe. He served under three prime ministers, Harold Wilson, Sir Alec Douglas-Home and Edward Heath.

[Wikipedia: Boyds Creek, Tennessee] Boyds Creek is an unincorporated community in Sevier County, Tennessee, United States. It is named for a small southward-flowing tributary of the French Broad River of the same name, which itself derives its name from a Virginian trader, killed by a band of Cherokee Indians, whose body was thrown into the stream. The creek was the site of a 1780 battle (The Battle of Boyd's Creek) between white settlers and Cherokee angry at the settlers' encroachment onto their hunting territory.

[Wikipedia: Aren't You Glad You're You?] Aren’t You Glad You’re You? is a 1945 popular standard composed by Jimmy Van Heusen, with lyrics by Johnny Burke. Van Heusen and Burke wrote the song for the film "The Bells of St. Mary's", directed by Leo McCarey, and starring Bing Crosby and Ingrid Bergman in the main roles. Bing Crosby presents the song in the film. <br>

[Wikipedia: Home and Away: Revenge] Home and Away: Revenge is a television film and spin-off of the Australian soap opera "Home and Away". It was co-written by Dan Bennett and Brooke Wilson, and directed by Arnie Custo. "Revenge" premiered on 19 December 2016 on Foxtel on Demand, Foxtel Play and Presto, shortly after the season finale of "Home and Away" aired on Seven Network. It was commissioned along with "Home and Away: All or Nothing" following the success of the 2015 telefilm "", which broke Presto streaming records. "Revenge" serves as a sequel to "An Eye for an Eye" and also features current and returning "Home and Away" cast members.

[Wikipedia: Sunset (magazine)] Sunset is a lifestyle magazine in the United States. "Sunset" focuses on homes, cooking, gardening, and travel, with a focus almost exclusively on the Western United States. The magazine is published monthly by the Sunset Publishing Corporation, part of Southern Progress Corporation, itself a subsidiary of Time Warner.

[Wikipedia: John Garabedian] John H. Garabedian is an American radio personality and disc jockey born on December 20, 1941 (age 75). He is best known as the creator and former long-time host of "Open House Party". He has been involved in Massachusetts radio and television stations for over fifty years. Garabedian currently owns three homes, all in New England: one in Southborough, Massachusetts, another on Cape Cod, and a cabin-like home in Cabot, Vermont.

[Wikipedia: The Return of Bruno (album)] The Return of Bruno is the debut album by actor Bruce Willis. Released by Motown in 1987, this album is an eclectic gathering of R&B music sung by Willis, with backing musicians including Booker T. Jones, The Pointer Sisters and The Temptations. It is a companion piece to an HBO special of the same name which aired shortly after the album's release. A re-issue was distributed by Razor & Tie in 1997.

[Wikipedia: Game (2016 film)] Game in Kannada, Oru Melliya Kodu (English: A thin line) in Tamil, is a 2016 Indian bilingual language crime thriller film directed by A. M. R. Ramesh. This movie is an unofficial remake of the 2012 Spanish thriller El Cuerpo (Spanish title) also known as "The Body", and features Arjun Sarja, Shaam and Manisha Koirala in the lead roles. With music composed by Ilayaraaja, the film was simultaneously shot in Kannada and Tamil; the former released first on February 26, 2016 while the later released on July 1, 2016. The film was dubbed and released in Telugu as "Notuku Potu" in 2017.

[Wikipedia: Fat Cat Brewery] The Fat Cat Brewery is a brewery located at the "Fat Cat Brewery Tap", Lawson Road, Norwich in the English county of Norfolk. The brewery is owned by Colin Keatley landlord of the "Fat Cat" public house twice winner of the CAMRA National Pub of the Year.

[Wikipedia: Tadeusz Sawicz] Tadeusz Władysław Sawicz (13 February 1914 – 19 October 2011) was a Polish World War II fighter pilot. He served in the Polish Air Force, and after the fall of Poland, he served in the Polish and allied units in France and United Kingdom. He was the commander of several air units, including the No. 315 Polish Fighter Squadron, 1st Polish Fighter Wing, 3rd Polish Fighter Wing, 131st (Polish) Fighter Wing and 133rd Fighter Wing. He participated in the Battle of Britain and was ranked as the 82nd highest scoring Polish fighter pilot of the war.

[Wikipedia: Lex Irnitana] The lex Irnitana is a collection of six bronze tablets containing fragments of Roman municipal laws found in 1981 near El Saucejo, Spain. Together with the "Lex Salpensana" and the "Lex Malacitana" they provide the most complete version of the "lex Flavia municipalis", Flavian municipal law. and have allowed new insights into the workings of Roman law. The tablets are exhibited in the Archeological Museum of Seville. Since the tablets provide the only surviving copy of large parts of the Flavian municipal law, it has provided new insights into the procedural side of municipal courts.

[Wikipedia: Runic insignia of the Schutzstaffel] The runic insignia of the "Schutzstaffel" (known in German as the "SS-Runen") were used from the 1920s to 1945 on "Schutzstaffel" flags, uniforms and other items as symbols of various aspects of Nazi ideology and Germanic mysticism. They also represented virtues seen as desirable in SS members, and were based on "völkisch" mystic Guido von List's Armanen runes, which he loosely based on the historical runic alphabets. SS runes are commonly used by members of the neo-nazis.

[Wikipedia: Thinks ...] Thinks ... is a 2001 novel by British author David Lodge.

[Wikipedia: John II, Count of Armagnac] John II, the Hunchback, (born 1333, died May 26, 1384), Count of Armagnac, of Fézensac, Rodez (1371–1384) and Count of Charolais (1364–1384), Viscount Lomagne and Auvillars, he was the son of John I, Count of Armagnac, of Fezensac and Rodez, Viscount Lomagne and Auvillars and Beatrix de Clermont, great-granddaughter of Louis IX of France.

[Wikipedia: Hong Kong Museum of History] The Hong Kong Museum of History () is a museum which preserves Hong Kong's historical and cultural heritage. It is located next to the Hong Kong Science Museum, in Tsim Sha Tsui, Kowloon, Hong Kong.

[Wikipedia: Armin Shimerman] Armin Shimerman (born November 5, 1949) is an American actor, voice actor and author. Shimerman is known for playing the Ferengi bartender Quark in the television series "", Principal Snyder in "Buffy the Vampire Slayer", Kramer's caddy Stan on "Seinfeld", for voicing Dr. Nefarious in the "Ratchet & Clank" series, and for voicing Andrew Ryan, one of the antagonists of "BioShock".

[Wikipedia: Joe Penny] Joseph Edward Penny Jr. (born 24 June 1956) is an English-born American actor best known for his roles as Nick Ryder on the detective series "Riptide" from 1984–86, and as Jake Styles in the CBS television series "Jake and the Fatman" from 1987–92.

[Wikipedia: Human trafficking in Taiwan] Taiwan is primarily a destination for men, women, and children trafficked for the purposes of forced labor and sexual exploitation. It is also a source of women trafficked to Japan, Australia, the United Kingdom, and the United States. Women and girls from the People’s Republic of China (P.R.C.) and Southeast Asian countries are trafficked to Taiwan through fraudulent marriages, deceptive employment offers, and illegal smuggling for sexual exploitation and forced labor. Many trafficking victims are workers from rural areas of Vietnam, Thailand, Indonesia, and the Philippines, employed through recruitment agencies and brokers to perform low skilled work in Taiwan’s construction, fishing, and manufacturing industries, or to work as domestic servants. Such workers are often charged high job placement and service fees, up to $14,000, resulting in substantial debt that labor brokers or employers use as a tool for involuntary servitude. Many foreign workers remain vulnerable to trafficking because legal protections, oversight by authorities and enforcement efforts are inadequate. Taiwan authorities reported that traffickers continued to use fraudulent marriages to facilitate labor and sex trafficking, despite increased efforts by the authorities to prevent this practice. Some women who are smuggled onto Taiwan to seek illegal work were sometimes sold in auctions to sex traffickers, and subsequently forced to work in the commercial sex industry. NGOs reported a sharp increase during the reporting period in the number of boys rescued from prostitution, mainly discovered during police investigations of online social networking sites suspected of being front operations for prostitution rings.

[Wikipedia: Jan Švankmajer] Jan Švankmajer (] ; born 4 September 1934) is a Czech filmmaker and artist whose work spans several media. He is a self-labeled surrealist known for his animations and features, which have greatly influenced other artists such as Terry Gilliam, the Brothers Quay, and many others.

[Wikipedia: Hamilton Brothers Building] The Hamilton Brothers Building, also known as Warfield-Pratt & Howell Co. Wholesale Grocers, and the Hach Brothers Company, is a historic building located in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, United States. This is the only extant building associated with local businessman and politician John Taylor Hamilton. He was a representative of Cyrus McCormick at the time his company was opening new markets for his mechanical reaper and other implements. Hamilton expanded his business to other implement manufactures and included product lines for urban dwellers as well. His business grew beyond the local area to include the entire state. Built as a warehouse in 1899, it is the only building of this type left near the central business district. It is also the largest building of this type in the city. The four-story, brick, Romanesque Revival sturcture features large round arch openings on the main floor and smaller windows on the upper floors. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.

[Wikipedia: T. J. McCreight] T. J. McCreight is an American football player personnel executive with the Philadelphia Eagles and former player and coach in the United States. Prior to joining the Eagles, he was the Director of College Scouting for the Indianapolis Colts of the NFL until being released on April 30th, 2017. He held the position since 2012. McCreight was previously the Cleveland Browns' Director of Player Personnel and a candidate for the team's vacant general manager position. The 2008 season was his fourth with the Browns and second as Director of Player Personnel. McCreight was terminated by the Browns for being an ally of Phil Savage, who was previously terminated by owner Randy Lerner .. McCreight initially joined the Browns as Assistant Director of Player Personnel. Before coming to the Browns, McCreight worked for the Baltimore Ravens personnel department from 1997 to 2004. In his last two years with the Ravens, he served as the team's national scout. He was featured in "Next Man Up", John Feinstein's book about the 2004 Ravens and "4th and Goal Every Day: Alabama's Relentless Pursuit of Perfection" by Phil Savage.

[Wikipedia: Everest (Indian TV series)] Everest is a Hindi language Indian telenovela which began airing on STAR Plus on 3 November 2014. Directed by Glenn Baretto and Ankush Mohla and touted as "the most ambitious project on Indian television", "Everest" was created by Ashutosh Gowariker and produced by Ashutosh Gowariker Productions Private Limited (AGPPL). The show was broadcast at the 10pm time slot. The music of the telenovela, which is Gowariker's television debut as a producer, was composed by A. R. Rahman. "Everest" is also the television debut of A. R. Rahman as a music composer and was shot in its entirety in India and Nepal. The shooting locations included Everest Base Camp (in Nepal) and the Dokriani Glacier (in India), which are located at a height of 17590 ft and 12000 ft above sea level, respectively.

[Wikipedia: Buena Vista Park] Buena Vista Park is a park in the Haight-Ashbury and Buena Vista Heights neighborhoods of San Francisco, California. It is the oldest official park in San Francisco, established in 1867 as Hill Park, later renamed Buena Vista. It is bounded by Haight Street to the north, and by Buena Vista Avenue West and Buena Vista Avenue East. The park is on a steep hill that peaks at 575 feet , and covers 37 acre . The lowest section is the north end along Haight.

[Wikipedia: Agnieszka Holland] Agnieszka Holland (born 28 November 1948) is a Polish film and television director and screenwriter. Best known for her political contributions to Polish cinema, Holland is one of Poland's most eminent filmmakers. She began her career as assistant to directors Krzysztof Zanussi and Andrzej Wajda, and emigrated to France shortly before the 1981 imposition of the martial law in Poland.

[Wikipedia: Terry Glaze] Terrence Lee Glaze (born November 29, 1964, Columbus), known as Terry Lee, is a Texas-raised singer and guitarist who is most known for his work in American heavy metal bands Lord Tracy and Pantera.

[Wikipedia: Electrical conductor] In physics and electrical engineering, a conductor is an object or type of material that allows the flow of an electrical current in one or more directions. Materials made of metal are common electrical conductors. Electrical current is generated by the flow of negatively charged electrons, positively charged holes, and positive or negative ions in some cases.

[Wikipedia: Henry Cohen, 1st Baron Cohen of Birkenhead] Henry Cohen, 1st Baron Cohen of Birkenhead (21 February 1900 – 7 August 1977) was a British physician, doctor and lecturer. He was famous for his Harveian Oration at the Royal College of Physicians in 1970, on the motion of blood in the veins. Cohen was elected to the chair of medicine at the University of Liverpool in 1934. When the Central Health Services Council was formed in 1949, he became its vice-chairman, and chairman in 1957. Knighted in 1949, he was President of the British Medical Association from 1951. After a coronary thrombosis in the following year, Cohen decided to devote his life to the greater work of teaching. He was raised to the peerage as Baron Cohen of Birkenhead, of Birkenhead in the County Palatine of Chester, on 16 June 1956 and was elected President of the General Medical Council in 1961. In 1964, he became President of the Royal Society of Medicine, receiving the society's gold medal in 1971. He also opened the assembly hall of the King David School, Liverpool.

[Wikipedia: Westinghouse Atom Smasher] Westinghouse Atom Smasher was a 5 MeV Van de Graaff electrostatic nuclear accelerator operated by the Westinghouse Electric company at their research center in Forest Hills, Pennsylvania. It was instrumental in the development in practical applications of nuclear science for energy production. It was the first industrial Van de Graaff generator in the world, and marked the beginning of nuclear research for civilian applications. Built in 1937, it was a 65 ft tall pear-shaped tower. It went dormant in 1958.

[Wikipedia: West Nile fever] West Nile fever is a mosquito-borne infection by the West Nile virus. Approximately 80% of West Nile virus infections in humans have few or no symptoms. In the cases where symptoms do occur—termed West Nile fever in cases without neurological disease—the time from infection to the appearance of symptoms is typically between 2 and 15 days. Symptoms may include fever, headaches, feeling tired, muscle pain or aches, nausea, loss of appetite, vomiting, and rash. Less than 1% of the cases are severe and result in neurological disease when the central nervous system is affected. People of advanced age, the very young, or those with immunosuppression, either medically induced, such as those taking immunosuppressive drugs, or due to a pre-existing medical condition such as HIV infection, are most susceptible. The specific neurological diseases that may occur are West Nile encephalitis, which causes inflammation of the brain, West Nile meningitis, which causes inflammation of the meninges, which are the protective membranes that cover the brain and spinal cord, West Nile meningoencephalitis, which causes inflammation of the brain and also the meninges surrounding it, and West Nile poliomyelitis—spinal cord inflammation, which results in a syndrome similar to polio, which may cause acute flaccid paralysis.

[Wikipedia: Dancing Queen (2012 film)] Dancing Queen (Hangul: 댄싱퀸 ; RR: "Daensing Kwin " ) is 2012 South Korean romantic comedy film starring Uhm Jung-hwa and Hwang Jung-min. The film tells a story of a married couple, who in the midst of their mundane lives decides to pursue their lost dreams. The husband finds himself accidentally running for Mayor of Seoul and his wife decides to become a pop singer. It was produced by JK Film and distributed by CJ Entertainment, and released on January 18, 2012.

[Wikipedia: Shuangmiao, Inner Mongolia] Shuangmiao () is a town under the administration of Hanggin Rear Banner in southwestern Inner Mongolia, China, located about 26 km southwest of the banner seat and 44 km north-northwest of downtown Bayannur. , it has 14 villages under its administration.

[Wikipedia: Trash Box] Trash Box is a 5-CD box set of mid-1960s garage rock and psychedelic rock recordings, primarily by American bands. This box set is similar to the earlier "Pebbles Box" (a 5-LP box set) and includes almost all of the same recordings in that box set (and in the same order), along with numerous bonus tracks at the end of each disc. Supposedly, "the Trash Box" collects the first five volumes of the CDs in the Pebbles series (i.e., those released by AIP Records, not to be confused with the 4 earlier CDs that were issued by ESD Records). However, as is generally true of the CD reissues of these five volumes (though not nearly to the same extent), the tracks differ significantly on all five discs as compared to both the original Pebbles LPs and the later Pebbles CDs in the corresponding volumes; and the surf rock rarities on "Pebbles, Volume 4" have been eschewed entirely. Overall, there are 109 tracks in the box set (excluding the introduction and ending cuts) as compared to 101 songs on the individual CDs and 72 tracks in the "Pebbles Box". Although most of the recordings on "the Trash Box" were released at some point on one of the individual Pebbles albums, several of the songs have not appeared elsewhere in the Pebbles series. Inexplicably, one of these songs is the well-known hit "I Fought the Law (but the Law Won)" by the Bobby Fuller Four (on Disc Four) – which is also included in the "Pebbles Box" – in place of the much rarer "Wine Wine Wine" by Bobby Fuller that appears on "Pebbles, Volume 2".

[Wikipedia: Static Taxi] Static Taxi was a post-punk band formed in the late 1980s by Bob Stinson, former lead guitarist of The Replacements, and members of Uptown from Minneapolis, Minnesota. Static Taxi officially formed on June 1, 1988. John Reipas (drums) and Ray Reigstad (vocals) had been playing with Bob Stinson since the spring/summer of 1986, when Bob was still the lead guitarist for the band The Replacements. Bob was subsequently kicked out of The Replacements in 1986.

[Wikipedia: Freedom-class cruise ship] The "Freedom" class is a group of three cruise ships for Royal Caribbean International. The first ship of the class, "Freedom of the Seas" , was the largest passenger ship in the world, and the largest ever built in terms of passenger capacity and gross tonnage, when it was built in 2006. These two records were then shared by all three ships until the construction of the "Oasis of the Seas" was completed in November 2009.

[Wikipedia: Time to Say Goodbye (Antique song)] "Time to Say Goodbye" is an English language song released by Greek-Swede duo Antique. It was released as a CD Single with its Greek version titled "Alli Mia Fora" (One More Time) in 2003 by Bonnier Music in Scandinavian countries.

[Wikipedia: Henry Brett (colonel)] He was the eldest son of Henry Brett of Cowley, Gloucestershire. Colley Cibber, who was a close friend, says that the young Brett was sent to Oxford and entered at the Temple, but was an idler about town in 1700, when he married Ann, the divorced wife of Charles Gerard, 2nd Earl of Macclesfield, who succeeded to the title in 1693. She was daughter of Sir Richard Mason, knight, of Sutton, Surrey, and married the Earl of Macclesfield, then Lord Brandon, in 1683, but separated from him soon after. She had two illegitimate children, one of whom, by Richard Savage, 4th Earl Rivers, was possibly the poet Richard Savage. The countess was divorced in 1698, when her fortune was returned to her, and two years later she married Henry Brett. He was very handsome, and the lady's sympathy is said to have been evoked by an assault committed on him by bailiffs opposite her windows.

[Wikipedia: Capital I] ‘Capital I’ is a 2015 Odia language independent feature film written and directed by Amartya Bhattacharyya. This film, tagged as an existential psychodrama, is the first independent feature film of Odisha. The film is produced by Susant Misra and Swastik Choudhury. This film is shot on a shoe-string budget without any film industry involvement. This film marks the feature film debut of Amartya Bhattacharyya as a writer, director, cinematographer and editor. All actors in this film are non-professional actors, and all of them make their feature film debut in ‘Capital I’. Kisaloy Roy makes his debut as a music director, and so does Amrita Chowdhury as a Choreographer.

[Wikipedia: David Toews] David Toews (born June 7, 1990) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player. He was drafted by the New York Islanders in the 3rd round, 66th overall, in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft. He is the younger brother of current Chicago Blackhawks captain Jonathan Toews.

[Wikipedia: Peter Benchley] Peter Bradford Benchley (May 8, 1940 – February 11, 2006) was an American author and screenwriter. He is known for the bestselling novel "Jaws" and co-wrote its subsequent film adaptation with Carl Gottlieb. Several more of his works were also adapted for cinema, including "The Deep", "The Island", "Beast", and "White Shark".

[Wikipedia: Chloranthaceae] Chloranthaceae is a family of flowering plants (angiosperms), the only family in the order Chloranthales. It is not closely related to any other family of flowering plants, and is among the early-diverging lineages in the angiosperms. They are woody or weakly woody plants occurring in Southeast Asia, the Pacific, Madagascar, Central and South America, and the West Indies. The family consists of four extant genera, totalling about 77 known species according to Christenhusz and Byng in 2016. Some species are used in traditional medicine. The type genus is "Chloranthus".

[Wikipedia: Farmer Al Falfa] Farmer Al Falfa (also known as Farmer Alfalfa), the quintessential grizzly old farmer type, is an animated cartoon character created by American cartoonist Paul Terry. He first appeared in "Down On the Phoney Farm" (1915), a short Terry cartoon distributed by the Thanhouser Company. Next came a series of shorts produced by Terry for Bray Studios, starting with "Farmer Al Falfa's Cat-Tastrophe" (1916).

[Wikipedia: Leipnik-Lundenburger] Leipnik-Lundenburger Invest Beteiligungs AG (LLI) is a holding company located in Vienna, Austria and primarily owned by Raiffeisen-Holding Niederösterreich-Wien reg.Gen.mbH (50,05 % of shares) as well as by Raiffeisen Zentralbank Österreich (33,06 % of shares). Further shareholders are Raiffeisen Versicherungen AG (7,98 %), UNIQA Österreich Versicherungen AG (2,02 %) and Rübenbauernbund für Niederösterreich und Wien reg.Gen.mbH (6,89 %).

[Wikipedia: Queen + Adam Lambert Tour 2017–2018] The Queen + Adam Lambert Tour 2017–2018 is an ongoing worldwide concert tour by British rock band Queen and American singer Adam Lambert. The North American leg began on 23 June 2017, in Glendale, Arizona at the Gila River Arena and continued throughout the continent until its last show at the Toyota Center in Houston. In Continental Europe, the tour will begin in Prague on 1 November 2017 and end in Copenhagen on 22 November before recommencing for a UK and Ireland arena tour on 25 November. The UK leg will end with a show at the Barclaycard Arena in Birmingham on 16 December 2017. The group will then play concerts in Oceania starting on 17 February 2018 in Auckland, with current plans indicating that the overall tour will end on 6 March with a show at Perth Arena. The tour marks the group's second visits to North America and Oceania, both of which took place in 2014 as part of the Queen + Adam Lambert Tour 2014–2015.

[Wikipedia: Ridgefield Park station] Ridgefield Park Station, also known as West Shore Station, was railroad station in Ridgefield Park, New Jersey at the foot of Mount Vernon Street served by the New York, Susquehanna and Western Railroad (NYSW) and the West Shore Railroad, a division of New York Central (NYCRR) The New York, Ontario and Western Railway (NYO&W) had running rights along the West Shore and sometimes stopped at Ridgefield Park. First opened in 1883 it was one of three passenger stations in the village, the others being the Little Ferry Station to the south and Westview Station to the north. The station house, built at a cost $100,000 opened in 1927. Southbound service crossed Overpeck Creek and continued to terminals on the Hudson River waterfront where there was connecting ferry service across the Hudson River to Manhattan. Northbound near Bogota the parallel NYSW and West Shore lines diverge and continue into northern New Jersey, Pennsylviania, and upstate New York. Passenger service ended in 1966.

[Wikipedia: Santiago del Estero Province] Santiago del Estero (] ), also called "Santiago", is a province in the north of Argentina. Neighbouring provinces, clockwise from the north, are Salta, Chaco, Santa Fe, Córdoba, Catamarca and Tucumán.

[Wikipedia: Joey Galloway] Joseph Scott Galloway (born November 20, 1971) is a former American football wide receiver in the National Football League and current college football analyst with ESPN. He was drafted by the Seattle Seahawks eighth overall in the 1995 NFL Draft and also played for the Dallas Cowboys, Tampa Bay Buccaneers, New England Patriots, Pittsburgh Steelers and Washington Redskins. He played college football at Ohio State.

[Wikipedia: Cinema of Korea] The term "Cinema of Korea" (or "Korean cinema") encompasses the motion picture industries of North and South Korea. As with all aspects of Korean life during the past century, the film industry has often been at the mercy of political events, from the late Joseon dynasty to the Korean War to domestic governmental interference. While both countries have relatively robust film industries today, only South Korean films have achieved wide international acclaim. North Korean films tend to portray their communist or revolutionary themes.

[Wikipedia: Rugbrød] Rugbrød (] ) (Danish style rye bread) is a very common bread in Denmark. "Rugbrød" usually resembles a long brown extruded rectangle, no more than 12 cm high, and 30–35 cm wide, dependent upon the bread pan in which it is baked. The ingredients typically include rye flour, cracked or chopped rye kernels and seeds such as sunflower seeds, linseeds or pumpkin seeds. Sourdough is almost always the base because commercial yeasts are unsuitable. The naturally fermented dough will develop a naturally occurring "Lactobacillus" culture in symbiotic combination with naturally present yeasts. It is essential in baking rye-based breads because the chemistry of rye flour produces an environment that is acidic. The most commonly present yeast species in the production of naturally leavened dough is "Saccharomyces exiguus", which is more acid-tolerant than commercially produced "S. cerevisiae", although the latter and other strains may also be present. Research has shown that when creating a naturally fermented starter, any naturally present "S. cerevisiae" will have died off after a few days.

[Wikipedia: Star Awards 2015] Star Awards 2015 (also SA2015, Chinese: 红星大奖2015) is a double television award ceremony which is held in Singapore. It is part of the annual Star Awards organised by MediaCorp for free-to-air channel MediaCorp Channel 8. SA2015 is broadcast live on Channel 8, on 19 April 2015 and 26 April 2015.

[Wikipedia: Armchair Gurus] Armchair Gurus is the third compilation album by Australian rock group Hoodoo Gurus. It was originally released as a 2-CD set, to coincide with the band's 1997 farewell tour of Australia (the 'Spit The Dummy' tour). It was also released separately with "Electric Chair", the album features seventeen Hoodoo Gurus' ballads and slower songs whilst "Electric Chair" contains seventeen party tracks. The double set contains two tracks not previously found on Gurus' albums and five totally new songs including the single "The Real Deal". The album went gold.

[Wikipedia: Wellington WIZARDS Basketball Team] The Wellington WIZARDS Basketball Team was founded on January 29, 2010. The team is a Division 2 basketball team in Sierra Leone, with headquarters in the East of the capital city Freetown. The WIZARDS basketball team is made up of 12 players and a coach. The team uses the SLIMS Basketball Court as its playing ground. The team participated in its first league in February, which they won as Division 2 champions.

[Wikipedia: Baron Addington] Baron Addington, of Addington in the County of Buckingham, is a title in the Peerage of the United Kingdom. It was created on 22 July 1887 for the businessman and Conservative Member of Parliament, John Hubbard. He was head of the firm of John Hubbard & Co and also sat as a Member of Parliament for Buckingham and the City of London. His eldest son, the second Baron, was a partner in the family firm of John Hubbard & Co and represented Buckingham in the House of Commons as a Conservative. He was succeeded by his eldest son, the third Baron. He was three times Mayor of Buckingham. On the death of his younger brother, the fourth Baron, the line of the eldest son of the first Baron failed. The title passed to their first cousin once removed, the fifth Baron. He was the grandson of Hon. Cecil John Hubbard, third son of the first Baron. s of 2016 , the title is held by his eldest son, the sixth Baron. He is one of the ninety elected hereditary peers that remain in the House of Lords after the passing of the House of Lords Act of 1999. Lord Addington sits on the Liberal Democrat benches.

[Wikipedia: Bernie DeViveiros] Bernard John DeViveiros (April 19, 1901 – July 5, 1994) was a Major League Baseball shortstop who played for the Chicago White Sox in and the Detroit Tigers in . During his career, he took on various roles as a scout and coach, creating farm teams up and down the West Coast of the United States which started to feed players into the Major Leagues. He was a featured coach and talent every year at the Detroit Tiger Spring Training in Lakeland Florida. His most famous contribution was discovering and signing Mickey Lolich, who became a legend when he led the Detroit Tigers to a World Series win in 1968.

[Wikipedia: The Mins] The Mins are a Georgian Alternative / New Progressive Rock band established in 2011 by Zviad Mgebrishvili. The band played its first live gig in 2011 on Altervision Newcomers. After that the band started to work hard on their repertoire. They mostly performs original songs and only rarely covers. The main songwriter in the band is Zviad Mgebrishili. Some songs are written by Shota Gvinepadze (keyboard) as well. The band has four music videos on the following songs: "Blind World", "O.W.L.", "My Lover is a Killer" and "I Don't Give a Foot". Zviad Mgebrishvili was participating in the TV show "Akhali Khma" ["The Voice of Georgia"] in 2013 very successfully (5 stages). The band has performed on many festivals and concerts. The band had their first big solo concert in Tbilisi Eventhall 26 May 2014, where they had presentation of their first EP, named "Blind World" (released same year, included 5 songs). The band has an honor to be warm up of "Faithless" (Tbilisi Summer Set 2014) and "Archive" (Tbilisi Open Air/Altervision 2015, where apart from Archive - Placebo, Beth Hart and Black Label Society were the headliners). Zaza Mgebrishvili has left the band in 2015 and new bass player and backing vocal of the band is Nika Abesadze who used to play with Zviad Mgebrishvili early years in the university rock band "Sunny Universe". The band is now recording their first album "First Minute" in the Bravo Records sound recording studio that will be released in the Winter of 2015.

[Wikipedia: 72 Market Street Oyster Bar and Grill] 72 Market Street Oyster Bar and Grill was a popular Venice, California restaurant founded in 1983 and launched by Tony Bill and Dudley Moore. The small restaurant was a celebrity hotspot which received attention for its food as well as an in house radio talk show and lecture series. It closed in November 2000.

[Wikipedia: ShopRite (United States)] ShopRite Supermarkets (formerly Shop-Rite and Shop Rite) is a retailers' cooperative (co-op) of supermarkets in the northeastern United States, with stores in New Jersey, New York, Connecticut, Delaware, Maryland, and Pennsylvania. Based in Keasbey, New Jersey, ShopRite consists of 48 individually owned-and-operated affiliates with over 296 stores, all under its corporate and distribution arm, Wakefern Food Corporation. Wakefern itself owns and operates 33 of the locations through subsidiary ShopRite Supermarkets, and is the largest affiliate in the cooperative. Several Wakefern members own and operate single ShopRite stores, while most own multiple locations. The average Wakefern member operates 6 stores.

[Wikipedia: AirTran (disambiguation)] AirTran Airways is a defunct North American low cost airline.

[Wikipedia: Dancin' (on a Saturday Night)] "Dancin' (on a Saturday Night)" is a song written by Lynsey de Paul and Barry Blue, that was recorded by Blue and released as a single in 1973 on Bell Records. It reached the number 2 on the UK Singles Chart, number 2 on the Australian Kent Music chart, number 9 on the German singles chart and number 11 on the Dutch singles chart. Flash Cadillac & the Continental Kids released their version of the song as a single in 1974 and it reached number 79 on the Cashbox singles charts and number 93 on the Billboard Hot 100. In Canada, a version recorded by bond reached number 12 on the CHUM Chart. The Danish band, Clear Sound, also recorded a version with Danish text by Finn Reiner which charted at number 17 in the Danish Hitlister. Junior Janson also released a version of the song as a single in 1975.

[Wikipedia: 1919 West Virginia Mountaineers football team] The 1919 West Virginia Mountaineers football team represented the West Virginia Mountaineers during the 1919 college football season. The Mountaineers completed the regular season with a 8–2 record.

[Wikipedia: Michael Romanoff] Michael Romanoff, pseudonym for Harry F. Gerguson, born Hershel Geguzin, (February 20, 1890 – September 1, 1971) was a Hollywood restaurateur, conman, and actor born in Lithuania. He is perhaps best known as the owner of the now-defunct Romanoff's, a Beverly Hills restaurant popular with Hollywood stars in the 1940s and 1950s.

[Wikipedia: Talkin' Blues] Talkin' Blues is a live album by Bob Marley & The Wailers, released in 1991. It contains live studio recordings from 1973 and 1975 intercut with interview segments of Bob Marley. The majority of tracks are taken from the recordings Bob Marley & The Wailers did on 31 October 1973, at The Record Plant for San Francisco radio station KSAN. They include "You Can't Blame the Youth", sung by Peter Tosh, and "Get Up, Stand Up" with Bob Marley and Peter Tosh alternatingly taking lead vocals. The remaining songs are taken from a performance at The Lyceum Theatre in London and interview segments from Jamaican radio in 1975.

[Wikipedia: Let Rock Rule Tour] The Let Rock Rule Tour was a concert tour by American hard rock band Aerosmith that featured Slash (with Myles Kennedy and the Conspirators) as the opening act. The tour sent both acts to various locations across North America from July to September 2014 and included two festival concerts and eighteen regular concerts. In addition, Aerosmith performed a private show in the middle of the tour. Slash with Myles Kennedy & the Conspirators did not perform at Rock Fest in Wisconsin or at the private show, but performed at all of the other concerts.

[Wikipedia: Pearl Brewing Company] The Pearl Brewing Company (also known as the Pearl Brewery or just Pearl) was an American brewery, established in 1883 in Downtown San Antonio, Texas, USA. In 1985, Pearl's parent company purchased the Pabst Brewing Company and assumed the Pabst name. In 1999, the Pabst Brewing Company began transferring its production to Miller Brewing, on a contract basis, and closing all of its breweries. Pearl beer is still in production at Miller's Ft. Worth, Texas facility, but the Pearl Brewery in San Antonio was closed in 2001. Since then, the former brewery was purchased by Silver Ventures, Inc., which has made the property the crown jewel in revitalization efforts of southern Midtown and northern Downtown San Antonio.

[Wikipedia: .sj] .sj is the Internet country code top-level domain (ccTLD) reserved for the designation Svalbard and Jan Mayen. The domain name registry is Norid, but .sj is not open for registration. The issuing of the domain was based on the ISO 3166 designation of Svalbard and Jan Mayen, which consists of two separately administrated integrated territories of Norway: the Arctic archipelago Svalbard and the nearly uninhabited volcanic island Jan Mayen. .sj was designated on 21 August 1997, at the same time as Bouvet Island was allocated .bv . Both were placed under the .no registry Norid, which is also the sponsor. Norwegian policy states that .no is sufficient for those institutions connected to both Svalbard and Jan Mayen, and therefore the domain is not open to registration. It is Norwegian policy not to commercialize domain resources, so there are no plans to sell .sj . Should the domain later come into use, it will be under regulation of the Norwegian Post and Telecommunications Authority and follow the same policy as .no . There are two second-level domains reserved for the two areas: svalbard.no and jan-mayen.no , but other web addresses are also used.

[Wikipedia: Lewistown, Missouri] Lewistown is a city in Lewis County, Missouri, United States. The population was 534 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Quincy, IL–MO Micropolitan Statistical Area. It is located on state highway 6 and near the junction of state highway 6 and state highway 16. Lewistown is in the Lewis County C-1 school district. The nearby Lewis County Fair Grounds are the site of the annual Lewis County Agricultural Fair.

[Wikipedia: Lewis Allen (director)] Lewis Allen (25 December 1905 – 3 May 2000) was an English director. Allen worked mainly in the United States, working on Broadway and directing 18 feature films between 1944 and 1959. From the mid-1950s he moved increasingly into television and worked on a number of the most popular shows of the time in the US.

[Wikipedia: The Holy Mountain (1973 film)] La montaña sagrada (The Holy Mountain, reissued as The Sacred Mountain) is a 1973 Mexican surrealist fantasy film directed, written, produced, co-scored, co-edited by and starring Alejandro Jodorowsky, who also participated as a set designer and costume designer on the film. The film was produced by Beatles manager Allen Klein of ABKCO Music and Records, after Jodorowsky scored an underground phenomenon with "El Topo" and the acclaim of both John Lennon and George Harrison (Lennon and Yoko Ono put up production money). It was shown at various international film festivals in 1973, including Cannes, and limited screenings in New York and San Francisco.

[Wikipedia: PlayStation World] PlayStation World (PSW) was a monthly video games magazine that covered the PlayStation brand. The pages were featured news, previews, reviews and letter pages. It was launched in 2000, published by Computec Media. The magazine had a circulation of 17,132 along with a readership of 210,000. The UK portion of Computec Media was acquired by Future Publishing in 2003, with the title added to Future's portfolio. At the time of the acquisition, the magazine had an average monthly circulation of 53,349. By 2007, the magazine's circulation had decreased to 17,132. On 13 August 2009, Future Publishing announced it was to close the PSW magazine, citing "decreasing demand" as the reason for the publication's closure.

[Wikipedia: International Migration (journal)] International Migration is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the International Organization for Migration (IOM). The journal was established in 1961 under the name "Migration"; the name was changed in 1963 to "International Migration". The journal publishes articles written by demographers, economists, political scientists, sociologists and other social scientists. "International Migration" publishes on topics relating to migration such as asylum, development, emigration, human rights, labor, remittance and refugees.

[Wikipedia: Foundations of Geopolitics] The Foundations of Geopolitics: The Geopolitical Future of Russia is a geopolitical book by Aleksandr Dugin. The book has had a large influence within the Russian military, police, and foreign policy elites and was allegedly used as a textbook in the General Staff Academy of Russian military.

[Wikipedia: William Beauchamp] Rev. E. William Beauchamp, CSC, J.D., was named the University of Portland's 19th president by the Board of Regents on November 20, 2003. Prior to his appointment as president, he had served as the University's senior vice president since August 2002. Beauchamp joined the University from the University of Notre Dame where he served as executive vice president for 13 years, and special assistant to the president for two years. He has taught at the Notre Dame Law School and the Mendoza College of Business Administration. He holds bachelor of science and MBA degrees in accounting from the University of Detroit. He also holds a master of divinity from Notre Dame, as well as a law degree from the Notre Dame Law School. Beauchamp was awarded an honorary doctorate from the University of Notre Dame Australia in 2005. He was ordained a Holy Cross priest in 1982.

[Wikipedia: Adam Guettel] Adam Guettel ( ; born December 16, 1964) is an American composer-lyricist of musical theater and opera. The grandson of musical theatre composer Richard Rodgers, he is best known for the musical "The Light in the Piazza", for which he won two Tony Awards, for Best Score and Best Orchestrations, and two Drama Desk Awards, for Best Music and Best Orchestrations.

[Wikipedia: Dying Is Your Latest Fashion] Dying Is Your Latest Fashion is the debut studio album by American rock band Escape the Fate, released on October 3, 2006 on Epitaph Records. The origin of the album's title comes from a line in the chorus of the song "Situations". It contains nine new songs plus two songs taken from "There's No Sympathy for the Dead". "Not Good Enough for Truth In Cliché" and "Situations" were released as singles, with music videos being made for both. It is the only full-length album and second release with original singer and founding member Ronnie Radke. Ronnie would later be incarcerated and kicked out of the band. He is currently the frontman for Falling in Reverse. It is also the last release to feature rhythm guitarist Omar Espinosa and keyboardist Carson Allen (although he was no longer in at the time). As of 2014 drummer Robert Ortiz is the only member still with the band as both Monte Money and Max Green had recently left the band in 2013 and 2014 respectively. Mandy Murders, who had in the past dated Ronnie Radke, modeled for the cover art.

[Wikipedia: Child actor] The term child actor or child actress is generally applied to a child acting on stage or in motion pictures or television, but also to an adult who began his or her acting career as a child; to avoid confusion, the latter is also called a "former child actor". Closely associated is teenage actor or teen actor, an actor who reached popularity as a teenager.

[Wikipedia: Georgetown University Alma Mater] The Georgetown University Alma Mater is one of the traditional songs of Georgetown University, and the university's official and undisputed alma mater. It was written to the tune of the Welsh battle song "Men of Harlech" in 1894 by Robert J. Collier, a Georgetown student. The song is performed by the university orchestra and occasionally other groups at various school events, including commencements and athletic games.

[Wikipedia: Wim Jonk] Wilhelmus Maria "Wim" Jonk (born 12 October 1966 in Volendam) is a Dutch football coach, former international player and former Head of Academy at Ajax Amsterdam. Together with Jordi Cruyff, Jonk manages Cruyff Football and is responsible for the worldwide continuation and dissemination of the football legacy of Dutch football legend Johan Cruyff, who died on March 24, 2016.

[Wikipedia: Parafield Gardens, South Australia] Parafield Gardens is a suburb of Adelaide, South Australia. The suburb is largely residential, with a pocket of industrial land in the southwest corner. There are two small shopping centres in the area, one on Salisbury Highway which has a Foodland (South Australia), and another on Sheperdson Road which has an Independent Grocers of Australia.

[Wikipedia: Bełchatów Power Station] The Bełchatów Power Station is the world's second largest (nameplate power of 5,420 MW) lignite-fired power station situated near Bełchatów in Łódź Voivodeship, Poland. It is the largest thermal power station in Europe, and second largest fossil-fuel power station in the world. It produces 27–28 TWh of electricity per year, or 20% of the total power generation in Poland. The power station is owned and operated by PGE GIEK Oddział Elektrownia Bełchatów, a subsidiary of Polska Grupa Energetyczna.

[Wikipedia: Royal Dutch Shell] Royal Dutch Shell plc (, ), commonly known as Shell, is a British–Dutch multinational oil and gas company headquartered in the Netherlands and incorporated in the United Kingdom. It is one of the six oil and gas "supermajors" and the sixth-largest company in the world measured by 2016 revenues (and the largest based in Europe). Shell was first in the 2013 Fortune Global 500 list of the world's largest companies; in that year its revenues were equivalent to 84% of the Netherlands' $556 billion GDP.

[Wikipedia: MS Moby Dada] MS "Moby Dada" is a cruiseferry operated by Moby Lines, under charter from DFDS Seaways. She was built in 1981 as "Finlandia" for Effoa at Wärtsilä's Perno shipyard in Turku, Finland, and placed in service on Silja Line's Helsinki—Stockholm service. In 1990 she was sold to DFDS Seaways and renamed "Queen of Scandinavia". From 2010 until 2016, she operated under the name of "Princess Maria" for St. Peter Line between Helsinki and St. Petersburg, Russia.

[Wikipedia: Al Uqaydat] The Uqaydat tribe is a Sunni large Arab tribe which straddles Syria's eastern border with Iraq.made up of an alliance Arab clans in the Euphrates basin, constitute the mainstay clans Zubaid of the breed Amru bin Ma'adi Yakrib, the number of the tribe estimated at more than 4 million people, more than 2.7 million in Syria (Deir ez-Zor60%, Hasakah, Ras Al-Ayn) and the others in Iraq, GCC States and Turkey, the tribe formed a coalition of different clans in the descent, so the system presidential tribe like the Decentralization somewhat Each tribe had its own Sheikh in its areas of deployment, but everyone continued to chieftain of the tribe's main town Diban near Mayadin and the leadership of the tribe be Al Hevel family from Al Bukamil clan major clans nodules. s of 2012 its chief is Nawaf al-Fares, the former Syrian ambassador to Iraq.

[Wikipedia: Il Piacere] Il Piacere ("The Pleasure") is the first novel by Gabriele d'Annunzio, written in 1889 at Francavilla al Mare, and published the following year by Fratelli Treves. Beginning in 1895, the novel was republished with the heading "I Romanzi della Rosa" (the Novels of the Rose), forming a narrative cycle including "The Intruder" ("The Victim," in America), and "Triumph of Death."

[Wikipedia: Season Ticket: A Baseball Companion] Season Ticket: A Baseball Companion is a 1988 book written by Roger Angell, whose previous works include "Five Seasons", "Late Innings", and the New York Times best-seller, "The Summer Game". Angell is considered one of the country's premier baseball writers.

[Wikipedia: 1992 US Open – Men's Singles] Stefan Edberg was the defending champion and retained his title, defeating Pete Sampras 3–6, 6–4, 7–6, 6–2 in the final to win the men's singles title at the 1992 US Open. The semifinal between Edberg and Michael Chang was a battle wherein Edberg won in five sets after 5 hours and 26 minutes, then the longest match in the Open Era. This is also where John McEnroe and Jimmy Connors played their last Grand Slams.

[Wikipedia: The Best of Van Morrison] The Best of Van Morrison is a compilation album by Northern Irish singer-songwriter Van Morrison. It compiles songs spanning 25 years of his recording career. Released in 1990 by Polydor Records, the album was a critical and commercial success, becoming one of the best-selling records of the 1990s and helping revive Morrison's mainstream popularity. Its success encouraged him to release a second and third greatest hits volume in 1993 and 2007, respectively. The album remains Morrison's best-seller.

[Wikipedia: City Central (TV series)] City Central was a British television police procedural drama series, created by Tony Jordan, that was broadcast on BBC One between 4 April 1998 and 19 June 2000. "City Central" follows the everyday public and private lives of the detectives, policemen and policewomen who work at the inner-city Christmas Street police station in Manchester. Although heavily focusing on the uniform relief working at the station, the series featured a small number of CID officers, a factor which was later reduced in the third and final series, after creator Tony Jordan noted that "The Bill" had started focusing more on the storylines featuring their CID detectives rather than focusing on the everyday officer on the beat.

[Wikipedia: Taça de Portugal] The Taça de Portugal (] ; Cup of Portugal) is an annual association football competition and the premier knockout tournament in Portuguese football. For sponsorship reasons, it will also be known as Taça de Portugal Placard as of the 2015–16 season. Organised by the Portuguese Football Federation since it was first held in 1938, the competition is open to professional and amateur clubs from the top-four league divisions. Matches are played from August–September to May–June, and the final is traditionally held at the Estádio Nacional in Oeiras, near Lisbon. The winners qualify for the Supertaça Cândido de Oliveira (or the runners-up, in case the winners are also the league champions) and the UEFA Europa League (unless they already qualify for the UEFA Champions League through league placing).

[Wikipedia: Salzkammergut] The Salzkammergut is a resort area located in Austria. It stretches from the City of Salzburg eastwards along the Austrian Alpine Foreland and the Northern Limestone Alps to the peaks of the Dachstein Mountains, spanning the federal states of Upper Austria, Salzburg, and Styria. The main river of the region is the Traun, a right tributary of the Danube. The name "Salzkammergut" literally means "Estate of the Salt Chamber" and derives from the Imperial Salt Chamber, the authority charged with running the precious salt mines of the Habsburg Monarchy. It is a UNESCO World Heritage Site.

[Wikipedia: Casey Weldon] William Casey Weldon (born February 3, 1969) is a former professional American football player. Weldon is best known for being the quarterback for Florida State in the late-1980s and early-1990s. During his senior season in 1991, Weldon finished runner-up in the Heisman Trophy balloting to Desmond Howard of Michigan. He also played in the National Football League, World League and for the Birmingham Thunderbolts of the XFL.

[Wikipedia: Without Regret] Without Regret is the first major-label (and second overall) album from "American Idol" season two seventh place finalist, Kimberly Caldwell. The album was released on April 19, 2011.

[Wikipedia: Defensive Player of the Year Award] Defensive Player of the Year is the name of an award given in sports for outstanding defensive play by a single player over the course of a season. Many sports leagues award this type of award. A listing of the league awards for Defensive Player of the Year is included below:

[Wikipedia: Keadue Rovers F.C.] Keadue Rovers Football Club is a football club based in Keadue, County Donegal currently playing in the Ulster Senior League. Founded in 1896, Keadue play their soccer at Central Park. Nicknamed "The Gulls", Keadue are a well-respected junior football club in Ireland. The club's most famous past player is Packie Bonner, who signed for Celtic at the age of 17 from Keadue Rovers. Other famous sons to don the clubs famous candystripes were Dennis Bonner Galway United, Tony Boyle All Ireland winner with Donegal in 1992, Martin Ferry (formerly of Ayr United, currently Limavady United), Lee Boyle of Aston Villa and Mark Forker (former of Heart of Midlothian and currently at Institute). Other names synonymous with the club are its most successful manager, Manus McCole and Anthony "Dutch" Doherty. The club celebrated its centenary in 1996 with Celtic playing a game at Central Park.

[Wikipedia: Speedway Motorsports] Speedway Motorsports, Inc. (SMI) is an American corporation that owns and manages racing facilities that host NASCAR, IndyCar Series, NHRA, World of Outlaws and other motor racing series. The company's headquarters are located at Charlotte Motor Speedway, in the suburbs of Charlotte, NC. SMI owns nine racing facilities with a combined seating capacity of approximately 885,000. In addition to operating racetracks, SMI owns Performance Racing Network (PRN), U.S. Legends Cars International, and co-owns Motorsports Authentics.

[Wikipedia: Atsushi Sakurai] Atsushi Sakurai (櫻井 敦司 , Sakurai Atsushi , born March 7, 1966 in Fujioka, Gunma) is a Japanese musician and singer-songwriter. He has been the vocalist of the rock band Buck-Tick since 1985, previously being their drummer from 1983. He released the solo album "Ai no Wakusei" in 2004 and was also a member of Schwein alongside Hisashi Imai (Buck-Tick), Sascha Konietzko (KMFDM) and Raymond Watts. In 2015, he formed a solo project called The Mortal.

[Wikipedia: Barwick-in-Elmet] Barwick-in-Elmet is a village in West Yorkshire, 7 mi east of Leeds city centre. It is one of only three places in the area to be explicitly associated with the ancient Romano-British kingdom of Elmet, the others being Scholes-in-Elmet and Sherburn-in-Elmet. It is part of the civil parish of Barwick in Elmet and Scholes. The name Barwick comes form the Old English for "barley wick", and was recorded in the Domesday Book of 1086 as "Bereuuith".

[Wikipedia: Rajneesh Duggal] Rajneesh Duggal is an Indian film actor and a former model. He is the winner of Grasim Mr. India title in 2003 and a runner up in Mr. International. He is also the winner of Kingfisher Model of the year 2005. In May 2014, he won the reality stunt show "". He made his Bollywood debut with Vikram Bhatt's super-hit horror thriller "1920". He is currently appearing in television series "Aarambh," which marks his television debut.

[Wikipedia: Anna Graceman] Anna Graceman is a young American singer-songwriter and pianist whose self-penned songs and music have gained attention at home and abroad. Her style of music incorporates elements of folk, soul and rock. As of 2016 she had written and performed over 70 of her own published songs; writing as well as producing her releases. Anna continues to divide her time between her solo projects and her new project - the ‘Graceman’ Band - a trio that includes Allie Graceman (Rhythm/Lead Guitar) and Landon Graceman (Drums).

[Wikipedia: Blue Mesa Reservoir] Blue Mesa Reservoir is an artificial reservoir located on the upper reaches of the Gunnison River in Gunnison County, Colorado. The largest lake located entirely within the state, Blue Mesa Reservoir was created by the construction of Blue Mesa Dam, a 390-foot tall earthen fill dam constructed on the Gunnison by the U.S. Bureau of Reclamation in 1966 for the generation of hydroelectric power. Managed as part of the Curecanti National Recreation Area, a unit of the National Park Service, Blue Mesa Reservoir is the largest lake trout and Kokanee salmon fishery in Colorado.

[Wikipedia: List of Los Angeles Clippers head coaches] The Los Angeles Clippers are an American professional basketball team based in Los Angeles, California. They play in the Pacific Division of the Western Conference in the National Basketball Association (NBA). The Clippers joined the NBA in 1970 as an expansion team. The team has had three names since its inception: the Buffalo Braves (1970–1978), the San Diego Clippers (1978–1984), and the Los Angeles Clippers (1984–present). The Clippers are the oldest franchise in the NBA to have never reached the league finals. The team has played its home games at the Staples Center since 1999. The Clippers are owned by Steve Ballmer, and Dave Wohl is their general manager.

[Wikipedia: The Midnighters] The Midnighters were an American R&B group from Detroit, Michigan. They were an influential group in the 1950s and early 1960s, with many R&B hit records. They were also notable for launching the career of lead singer Hank Ballard and the worldwide dance craze the Twist. Between 1953 and 1962 the Midnighters had almost two dozen hits on the U.S. Pop & R&B charts. Their big hits included the million-selling Billboard Top 10 pop hits "Finger Popping Time" (for which they received a 1961 Grammy Award nomination), and "Let's Go, Let's Go, Let's Go". The Midnighters also had 13 Top 10 R&B hits, including three that reached number 1. Their Top 10 R&B hits included "Work with Me, Annie", "It's Love Baby (24 Hours a Day)", "Annie Had a Baby", "The Hoochi Coochi Coo", "Teardrops on Your Letter", "Get It", "The Float" and "Nothing but Good". They received the Rhythm and Blues Foundation's prestigious Pioneer Award in 1992 and were inducted into the Vocal Group Hall of Fame in 1999. The group's lead singer, Hank Ballard, was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1990. The Midnighters as a "group" were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame on April 14, 2012.

[Wikipedia: A Bad Goodbye] "A Bad Goodbye" is a song written by American country music artist Clint Black, and recorded by him as a duet with fellow country music artist Wynonna. The song was recorded after the two toured together during their "Black and Wy" tour in 1993. It was released in May 1993 as the first single from Black's album "No Time to Kill". It peaked at number 2 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) chart, behind "Chattahoochee" by Alan Jackson. In addition, it was Black's first appearance on the "Billboard" Hot 100, peaking at number 43 there.

[Wikipedia: United Church of Christ in Keene] The United Church of Christ in Keene (also known as The First Church or Church at the Head of the Square) is a historic Congregational church at 23 Central Square in Keene, New Hampshire, United States. The oldest portion of this church is its timber frame, a 50 by structure that was built in 1786 as the town's fourth meeting house. In 1828 the meeting house was rotated and moved, nearly to its present location, and the Greek Revival temple front with Doric columns was added, as was the tower and steeple. These alterations were supposedly inspired by the recent (1817–18) construction of the Third Fitzwilliam Meetinghouse. In 1859-60 the church was again moved, this time a short distance to make room for an enlarged sanctuary, as designed by the Worcester firm of Boyden & Ball. The building exterior has been little altered since; the steeple was recreated from photographs after the original was toppled by the New England Hurricane of 1938. In 1924 a two-story brick parish house was built next to the church.

[Wikipedia: Blue Denim] Blue Denim was a successful Broadway play by writer James Leo Herlihy, the author of the novels "All Fall Down" (1960) and "Midnight Cowboy" (1965). It starred Carol Lynley, Warren Berlinger and newcomer Burt Brinckerhoff in the lead male role. Opening on February 27, 1958, the play ran for 166 performances at the Playhouse Theatre.

[Wikipedia: Alex Sánchez (author)] Alex Sánchez (born 1957) is a Mexican-American author of award-winning novels for teens and adults. His first novel, "Rainbow Boys" (2001), was selected by the American Library Association (ALA), as a Best Book for Young Adults. Subsequent books have won additional awards, including the Lambda Literary Award. Although Sanchez's novels are widely accepted in thousands of school and public libraries in America, they have faced a handful of challenges and efforts to ban them. In Webster, New York, removal of "Rainbow Boys" from the 2006 summer reading list was met by a counter-protest from students, parents, librarians, and community members resulting in the book being placed on the 2007 summer reading list.

[Wikipedia: 2013 Florida Atlantic Owls football team] The 2013 Florida Atlantic Owls football team represented Florida Atlantic University in the 2013 NCAA Division I FBS football season. The Owls were led by at the start of the season by second-year head coach Carl Pelini. However Pelini and defensive coordinator Rekstis resigned on October 30 after admitting they were at a local party where pot was served. Brian Wright was promoted and made interim head coach for the remainder of the season. The Owls played their home games at FAU Stadium. This season was the Owls' first as a member of Conference USA in the East Division.

[Wikipedia: Myles Kennedy discography] The full discography of rock musician Myles Kennedy consists of eleven studio albums, two concert films, four live albums, two extended plays, and thirteen singles in total, in addition to eleven studio tracks that he has appeared on as a featured artist, one of which was a single. Born in Boston on November 27, 1969, Kennedy is currently a member of the rock band Alter Bridge, with whom he has released four studio albums, two concert films, and several singles. He is also the frontman of Slash's touring group, and with Slash he has released a live album, "Live in Manchester", the first of a series of live albums released throughout the summer of 2010, and "", another live album released in 2011. In 2012, he released a collaboration studio album with Slash titled "Apocalyptic Love", which is billed to Slash featuring Myles Kennedy and the Conspirators, as well as the 2014 followup titled "World on Fire". With The Mayfield Four, he released two studio albums, two extended plays, and four singles; with Citizen Swing, two studio albums; and with Cosmic Dust, one studio album.

[Wikipedia: Battle of Peshawar (1834)] The Battle of Peshawar took place on May 6, 1834 between the Sikh Empire and the Afghans who were the successors to the Durrani Empire. Maharaj Ranjit Singh had previously won and lost the city of Peshawar twice, and sent General Hari Singh Nalwa to capture it. After brief fighting Hari Singh Nalwa forced Sultan Mohammad Khan to evacuate the city. A large Afghan force under his brother, Dost Mohammad Khan arrived in support of him but withdrew. Hari Singh Nalwa then installed Sultan Mohammad Khan as governor of the city as a vassal to Maharaja Ranjit Singh.

[Wikipedia: 7 Lives] 7 Lives is a 2011 British film directed by Paul Wilkins starring Danny Dyer, Kate Ashfield and Martin Compston.

[Wikipedia: Time and Eternity (philosophy book)] Time and Eternity - An Essay on the Philosophy of Religion (1st imp. Princeton New Jersey 1952, Princeton University Press, 169 pp) is a philosophy book written by Walter Terence Stace. At the time of writing, Stace was a professor of philosophy at Princeton University, where he had worked since 1932 after a 22-year career in the Ceylon Civil Service. "Time and Eternity" was one of his first books about the philosophy of religion and mysticism, after writing throughout most of the 1930s and 1940s that was influenced by phenomenalist philosophy.

[Wikipedia: Blanche Lincoln] Blanche Meyers Lambert Lincoln (born September 30, 1960) is a former U.S. Senator from Arkansas who served from 1999 to 2011. Lincoln, a member of the Democratic Party, was first elected to the Senate in 1998; she was the first woman elected to the Senate from Arkansas since Hattie Caraway in 1932 and, at age 38, was the youngest woman ever elected to the Senate. She previously served in the U.S. House of Representatives, representing 2=nd

[Wikipedia: Kasper Skaanes] Kasper Skaanes (born 19 March 1995) is a Norwegian professional footballer who plays for Brann, as a midfielder.

[Wikipedia: Incredible Connection] Incredible Connection (Pty) Ltd is the largest consumer electronics and IT retailer in South Africa. On 15 December 1998, Incredible Connection was acquired by Connection Group Holdings Limited and now operates as subsidiary of that company, itself a subsidiary of JD Group Limited. As of 2005, Incredible Connection has 34 retail outlets in South Africa, and in 2002 it was reported to hold 45% of the IT retail market in the country.

[Wikipedia: Nevada Landing Hotel and Casino] Nevada Landing was a hotel and casino designed to resemble two riverboats. It was located in Jean, Nevada, United States, near the California state line, within sight of Interstate 15. The hotel, owned by MGM Resorts International, had 303 rooms, four restaurants, over 800 slot machines (including video poker), live keno, table games, banquet facilities, and wedding services. The property was typically marketed with its sister hotel, the Gold Strike Hotel and Gambling Hall, located across the I-15 freeway.

[Wikipedia: Automato] Automato is a Brooklyn, New York-based hip hop sextet formed in 1995. Its members are Nick Millhiser (drums), Jesse Levine (vocals), Morgan Wiley (guitar), Andrew Raposo (bass), Alex Frankel (keyboards), and Ben Fries (vocals). All six of its members are from New York City except for Wiley, who was born in Lagos, Nigeria and moved to Las Vegas, Nevada in his youth. Their admiration of multiple artists from disparate genres led them to DFA Records' Tim Goldsworthy and James Murphy. The group released their self-titled debut album on the Coup de grâce label in 2004, and it was produced by Goldsworthy and Murphy (d/b/a/ DFA).

[Wikipedia: Medina (board game)] Medina is a board game designed by Stefan Dorra and published by Hans im Glück and Rio Grande Games in 2001. In the game, three or four players compete to be the most influential developer of Medina, a desert city near the Atlas Mountains in 1822. Variations of the game allow 2 or 5 players. The game was nominated for the 2001 Deutscher Spiele Preis and the 2003 Jeu de l'année, but won neither prize.

[Wikipedia: K. K. University] K. K. University (KKU) is a private university located in Beraunti, near Bihar Sharif in Nalanda district, Bihar, India. The university was established in 2017 by Samajik Kalyan Sanstha under the "Bihar Private Universities Act, 2013", one of the two first private universities in Bihar, the other being Sandip University, Sijoul. Both universities were approved by the Bihar Government in May 2017 following the passing of "Private Universities (Amendment) Bill, 2017" in March 2017 which relaxed the rules for establishment of private universities in Bihar.

[Wikipedia: Tom Foley] Thomas Stephen Foley, KBE (March 6, 1929 – October 18, 2013) was an American lawyer and politician who served as the 49th Speaker of the United States House of Representatives from 1989 to 1995. A member of the Democratic Party Foley represented Washington's 5th congressional district as from 1965 to 1995. Foley was the first Speaker of the House since 1862 to be defeated in a re-election campaign.

[Wikipedia: Richard Redwood Deupree] Richard Redwood (Red) Deupree (May 7, 1885 -1974) was an American businessman, president of Procter & Gamble and chairman of its board. He was the first Procter or Gamble president, who was not a family member, and was recipient of the Henry Laurence Gantt Medal in 1959.

[Wikipedia: Victor Johnston] Victor S. Johnston (born 4 May 1943) is a prominent Irish-born psychologist whose work emphasis is emotion, and event related potentials. His areas of study include cognitive engineering, biopsychology, and cognitive psychology. His major research interests are evolutionary psychology, electrophysiology and genetic algorithms. Dr. Johnston states, "The human brain did not evolve to accurately represent the world around us; it evolved only to enhance the survival of our genes." According to Johnston, the combination of emotions with symbolic thought produces meaning. But with this capacity comes the ability to develop meanings for things that do not exist. Little girls develop the ability to attach emotional feelings to dolls, and pretend that their toys live. Little boys learn how to pretend to hunt and fight and attach emotions to them. We learn feelings of desire, fear, and wonder by wandering to the limits of our play. Imagination allows us to create technology, mathematics, and art, but with it can also come terrifying thoughts that could cause harm to us. We grow to learn the difference between most of our thoughts and what they represent, but most of us get fooled into believing the reality of some things that don't exist at all.

[Wikipedia: The Corrs] The Corrs are an Irish band that combine pop rock with traditional Irish themes within their music. The group consists of the Corr siblings, Andrea (lead vocals, tin whistle); Sharon (violin, vocals); Caroline (drums, percussion, piano, bodhrán, vocals) and Jim (guitar, piano, keyboards, vocals). They are from Dundalk, County Louth, Ireland.

[Wikipedia: Mitsubishi Ki-1] The Mitsubishi Ki-1, also known as Mitsubishi Army Type 93 Heavy Bomber, was a bomber built by Mitsubishi for the Imperial Japanese Army in the 1930s, which flew for the first time in 1933. Despite its antiquated appearance, the Ki-1 was used in Manchukuo and in north China during the early stages of the Second Sino-Japanese War, in areas where danger from enemy fighter aircraft was minimal.

[Wikipedia: Good News Week] Good News Week was an Australian satirical panel game show hosted by Paul McDermott that aired from 19 April 1996 to 27 May 2000, and 11 February 2008 to 28 April 2012. The show's initial run aired on ABC until being bought by Network Ten in 1999. The show was revived for its second run when the 2007–2008 Writers Guild of America strike caused many of Network Ten's imported US programmes to cease production.

[Wikipedia: Billionaire Boys Club (2017 film)] Billionaire Boys Club is an upcoming American biographical crime-drama film directed by James Cox and co-written with Captain Mauzner. The film stars Ansel Elgort, Taron Egerton, Kevin Spacey, Jeremy Irvine, Cary Elwes, Emma Roberts, Suki Waterhouse, Judd Nelson and Billie Lourd. Principal photography began on December 7, 2015 in New Orleans.

[Wikipedia: Matterhorn Bobsleds] The Matterhorn Bobsleds are a pair of intertwined steel roller coasters at Disneyland in Anaheim, California. It is modelled after the Matterhorn, a mountain in the Alps on the border with Switzerland and Italy. It is the first known tubular steel continuous track roller coaster. Located on the border between Tomorrowland and Fantasyland, it employs forced perspective to seem more impressively large.

[Wikipedia: The Walt Disney Company] The Walt Disney Company, commonly known as Disney, is an American diversified multinational mass media and entertainment conglomerate, headquartered at the Walt Disney Studios in Burbank, California. It is the world's second largest media conglomerate in terms of revenue, after Comcast. Disney was founded on October 16, 1923 – by brothers Walt Disney and Roy O. Disney – as the Disney Brothers Cartoon Studio, and established itself as a leader in the American animation industry before diversifying into live-action film production, television, and theme parks. The company also operated under the names The Walt Disney Studio and then Walt Disney Productions. Taking on its current name in 1986, it expanded its existing operations and also started divisions focused upon theater, radio, music, publishing, and online media.

[Wikipedia: Action of 18 November 1809] Despite spirited resistance from the largest British merchant ship, "Windham", the failure of the other Indiamen to support their leader and the size and power of the French ships forced the British to withdraw: all the HEIC ships were subsequently captured by the larger, faster French warships. A month later, Hamelin's raiding campaign skirted disaster when a winter hurricane on the voyage back to Île de France almost wrecked his flagship "Vénus". "Vénus" only survived with the co-operation of the British prisoners aboard, who brought the ship safely to port. Only two of the captured Indiamen were successfully brought to Ile de France: the same storm that nearly destroyed "Vénus" scattered the squadron and its prizes, allowing a patrolling British frigate to recapture "Windham" just a few miles from the French island.

[Wikipedia: National Socialist Flyers Corps] The National Socialist Flyers Corps (German: "Nationalsozialistisches Fliegerkorps" ; NSFK) was a paramilitary organization of the Nazi Party that was founded April 15, 1937 as a successor to the German Air Sports Association; the latter had been active during the years when a German air force was forbidden by the Treaty of Versailles. The NSFK organization was based closely on the organization of the "Sturmabteilung" (SA) and maintained a system of paramilitary ranks closely associated with the SA. A similar group was the National Socialist Motor Corps. During the early years of its existence, the NSFK conducted military aviation training in gliders and private airplanes.

[Wikipedia: Live at Montreux 2011] Live at Montreux 2011 is a live release by English hard rock band Deep Purple's mk VIII lineup credited as Deep Purple with Orchestra, and performed alongside the Neue Philharmonie Frankfurt conducted by Stephen Bentley-Klein. This concert was recorded at the Montreux Jazz Festival on 16 July 2011. Besides a 2CD release, the concert film has also been released on DVD and Blu-ray. All formats were released on 7 November 2011 by German label Eagle Rock Entertainment. In 2015 a vinyl collector's edition of the album was released for a Record Store Day.

[Wikipedia: Toshiki Kadomatsu] Toshiki Kadomatsu (角松敏生 , Kadomatsu Toshiki ) (born 12 August 1960) is a Japanese rock/R&B singer-songwriter, musician, and producer. He has released many studio albums, as well as several instrumental and live albums. He studied Philosophy at Nihon University. He has been active since at least 1981 and is still active, having released his most recent album in March 2012. In 1987 he released the hit instrumental album "SEA IS A LADY" which charted at #4. He has written and produced music for other artists, including "You're My Only Shinin' Star" by Miho Nakayama, which reached #1 on the Oricon weekly charts and stayed there for 18 weeks. He composed the music for the 2002 film "Shiroi-fune".

[Wikipedia: Merle (dog coat)] Merle is a pattern in a dog's coat. "Merle" comes in different colors and patterns. Some have blue patches throughout and are considered blue "merle"; same with red, and chocolate, although some describe merle as only a "pattern". DNA testing identifies the "Merle" gene but not the variety of colors and patterns seen in the coats of the dogs with the gene. A dilute black (BB or Bb) dog is generally known as blue, but a dog with a merle coat does not test BB or Bb but still is a blue dilute from the "merle" gene The merle gene creates mottled patches of color in a solid or piebald coat, blue or odd-colored eyes, and can affect skin pigment as well. Health issues are more typical and more severe when two merles are bred together, so it is recommended that a merle be bred to a dog with a solid coat color only.

[Wikipedia: 2006 Wimbledon Championships – Women's Singles] Amélie Mauresmo won her first Wimbledon title, defeating Justine Henin-Hardenne in the final, 2–6, 6–3, 6–4. It was her second and last Grand Slam title, having won the Australian Open earlier in the year. Mauresmo also became the first French woman to win Wimbledon since Suzanne Lenglen in 1925. With her loss, Henin-Hardenne missed the chance of completing a career Grand Slam.

[Wikipedia: White House, Tennessee] White House is a city in Robertson and Sumner counties in the United States state of Tennessee. The population was 7,220 at the 2000 census. It is approximately twenty-two miles north of downtown Nashville. According to the city website a special census was conducted in 2008 that placed the city population at 9,891 residents, with 3,587 households within the city limits. The population was 10,255 at the 2010 census which showed growth of 3,000 people from 2000 to 2010. The 2013 population was 10,752.

[Wikipedia: EverQuest Role-Playing Game] EverQuest Role-Playing Game is a role-playing game based on the "EverQuest" fantasy massively multiplayer online role-playing game (MMORPG). The game was published by White Wolf under its Sword and Sorcery Studios imprint. "EverQuest Role-Playing Game" shares many things with the MMORPG, such as setting, available races and classes, monsters, spells, and items.

[Wikipedia: Rincón de Luz (orphanage)] Rincón de Luz is a fictional orphanage and the primary setting for the first four, and the last two seasons of the Argentine television series "Chiquititas". The exceptions are "Chiquititas Season Five", where the story takes place in a granary, and "Chiquititas Sin Fin", in which the children have a different home.

[Wikipedia: The Eyes of Nye] The Eyes of Nye is a science program that aired on public television in the United States in 2005 and featured Bill Nye. The show was more sophisticated than its predecessor "Bill Nye the Science Guy", as it was aimed more toward adults and teenagers than children. All episodes were rated TV-G, except for "Addiction" and "The Evolution of Sex", both rated TV-PG. The creation of the show was motivated by the success of the television program "Bill Nye the Science Guy", as well as a widespread contempt among scientists for scientific journalism in the media. The program was based in Seattle, Washington, produced by Buena Vista Television and broadcast during primetime by KCTS, the local PBS affiliate.

[Wikipedia: Goliath (Six Flags Great America)] Goliath is a wooden roller coaster at Six Flags Great America in Gurnee, Illinois. Manufactured by Rocky Mountain Construction and designed by Alan Schilke, the ride set three world records for wooden roller coasters when it opened to the public on June 19, 2014: the longest drop at 180 ft , the steepest drop at 85°, and the fastest speed at 72 mph . The 100-second ride also features two inversions.

[Wikipedia: Mental Floss] Mental Floss (stylized mental_floss) is an American digital, print, and e-commerce media company focused on millennials. It is owned by Dennis Publishing and based in New York City. mentalfloss.com, which presents facts, puzzles, and trivia with a humorous tone, draws 20.5 million unique users a month. Its YouTube channel produces three weekly series and has 1.3 million subscribers. The magazine "mental_floss" has a circulation of 160,000 and publishes six issues a year. In October 2015, "Mental Floss" teamed with the National Geographic Channel for its first televised special, "Brain Surgery Live with" mental_floss, the first brain surgery ever broadcast live.

[Wikipedia: Murray Esler] Professor Murray David Esler, AM (born in 1943 in Geelong, Australia) is a clinical cardiologist and medical scientist, based at the Baker IDI Heart and Diabetes Institute and the Alfred Hospital in Melbourne, where he is the Associate Director of the Heart Centre. He is a Professor of Medicine at Melbourne's Monash University. As Associate Director of the Baker, Professor Esler leads the institute’s research into the relationship between the brain and heart health. He studied medicine at the University of Melbourne and received a PhD from the Australian National University (Department of Clinical Science). His chief research interests are the causes and treatment of high blood pressure and heart failure, the effects of stress on the cardiovascular system, and monoamine transmitters of the human brain.

[Wikipedia: Never Let Me Down] Never Let Me Down is the seventeenth studio album by David Bowie, released on 20 April 1987 on the label EMI America. Bowie conceived the album as the foundation for a theatrical world tour, writing and recording most of the songs in Switzerland. He considered the record a return to rock and roll music. Three singles were released from the album, "Day-In Day-Out", "Time Will Crawl" and "Never Let Me Down", which all reached the UK Top 40.

[Wikipedia: List of X-Men video games] The X-Men are a fictional superhero team in Marvel Comics' Marvel Universe. The group debuted in 1963 in an eponymous comic book series. Beginning in 1989, the characters appeared in video game adaptations for home consoles, handheld game consoles, arcades, and personal computers. An earlier game was planned for home computers in 1985, but the developer went out of business before its launch. The first games were released on 8-bit home platforms, and the series expanded onto handheld consoles and arcades in the early 1990s. Most X-Men games, especially those released in the 2000s, were released on several platforms. Several companies have developed entries in the franchise, including Paragon Software, Software Creations, Konami, and Capcom. The titles are action games that pit the X-Men against Marvel supervillains, typically taking the form of beat 'em up and fighting games. Each game features different groupings of X-Men heroes and villains, and typically allows players to control multiple characters.

[Wikipedia: Young Democrats of North Carolina] The Young Democrats of North Carolina are the official youth arm of the North Carolina Democratic Party (NCDP). As an auxiliary organization of the NCDP, the officers of the YDNC serve as part of the State Executive Committee of the NCDP. The current executive board consists of President Timothy Webster, Executive Vice President Ebony West, National Committeewoman Bekah Whilden, National Committeeman Colby Moore, Secretary Isaiah Fletcher, Communication's Director Anne Evangelista Piedmont Regional Vice President Dave Wils, Eastern Regional Vice President Wes Tripp, and Western Regional Vice President Khaetlyn Grindell.

[Wikipedia: Hamlet] The Tragedy of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark, often shortened to Hamlet ( ), is a tragedy written by William Shakespeare at an uncertain date between 1599 and 1602. Set in Denmark, the play dramatises the revenge Prince Hamlet is called to wreak upon his uncle, Claudius, by the ghost of Hamlet's father, King Hamlet. Claudius had murdered his own brother and seized the throne, also marrying his deceased brother's widow.

[Wikipedia: James (musician)] Faruq Mahfuz Anam (Bengali: ফারুক মাহফুজ আনাম ), (known by his stage name James) is a Bangladeshi singer, guitarist, and composer. He is often referred to as "Guru". James is currently the lead guitarist and vocalist of the band "Nagar Baul" (the Urban Medincant). He has also played back in few songs in Bollywood movies. James rose to mainstream fame in the 1990s as the frontman of "Feelings" now renamed "Nagar Baul" which is one of the "Big Three of Rock", who were responsible for developing and popularising rock music in Bangladesh, the other two being LRB and Ark. James is considered to be the pioneer of psychedelic rock in Bangladesh.

[Wikipedia: Peter John Ramos] Peter John Ramos Fuentes (born May 23, 1985) is a Puerto Rican professional basketball player who last played for Vaqueros de Bayamón in the Baloncesto Superior Nacional (BSN). He is the sixth player from Puerto Rico to play in an NBA game and the third Puerto Rican drafted in the NBA draft. Ramos has played in the National Basketball Association, the NBA Development League, the Chinese Basketball Association and the Philippine Basketball Association. Ramos has been a member of the Puerto Rican national basketball team since 2004. He was a member of the 2004 Puerto Rican national team that defeated the United States in the 2004 Olympic Games. Ramos was selected as a NBDL All Star and earned All-NBA Development League Honorable Mention during the 2006-2007 season.

[Wikipedia: Hippophae rhamnoides] Hippophae rhamnoides, also known as common sea buckthorn is a species of flowering plant in the family Elaeagnaceae, native to the cold-temperate regions of Europe and Asia. It is a spiny deciduous shrub. The plant is used in the food and cosmetic industry, in traditional medicine, as animal fodder and for ecological purposes.

[Wikipedia: List of tallest Buildings in Bradenton, Florida] This List of Tallest Buildings in Bradenton ranks skyscrapers and high-rises in Florida City of Bradenton, Florida by height. The tallest building in the city is DeSoto Towers, standing at 146 ft. high.

[Wikipedia: 1931 Stanley Cup Finals] The 1931 Stanley Cup Finals was played between the Montreal Canadiens and the Chicago Black Hawks, making their first Stanley Cup Finals appearance. The Canadiens, defending champions, won the series to become the second NHL team to repeat as champion. Former player and now coach, Chicago's Dick Irvin, made his Finals coaching debut against the team he would later coach to three Stanley Cup titles.

[Wikipedia: British Latin] British Latin or British Vulgar Latin was the Vulgar Latin spoken in Great Britain in the Roman and sub-Roman periods. While Britain formed part of the Roman Empire, Latin became the principal language of the elite, especially in the more Romanized south and east of the island. However, it never substantially replaced the Brittonic language of the indigenous Britons, especially in the less Romanized north and west. In recent years, scholars have debated the extent to which British Latin was distinguishable from its continental counterparts, which developed into the Romance languages.

[Wikipedia: Stargazing Live] Stargazing Live is a British live television programme on astronomy that has been broadcast yearly since its first broadcast on BBC Two in January 2011. The series is primarily presented by scientist Brian Cox and comedian and amateur astronomer Dara Ó Briain with support from TV presenter and biochemist Liz Bonnin and astronomer Mark Thompson. It is broadcast from Jodrell Bank Observatory and has featured live links from scientific facilities in Hawaii, South Africa, Norway and NASA.

[Wikipedia: Poetical Refugee] Poetical Refugee (French: La Faute à Voltaire ) is a 2000 French drama film directed by Abdellatif Kechiche, starring Sami Bouajila, Élodie Bouchez and Bruno Lochet. It was Kechiche‘s debut feature film and was awarded the Golden Lion at the Venice Film Festival for best first film, winning seven awards, overall, at different film festivals.

[Wikipedia: 10 Palace Gate] 10 Palace Gate is an apartment block in London's Kensington area, designed by Wells Coates. Completed in 1939 for the builder Randall Bell, it is a Modernist structure in the tradition of Le Corbusier and Walter Gropius, both of whom influenced Coates' work. Coates applied his own three-two system of spatial layout within this building for the first time, an idea he used to create variety within the units. The generous design, which divides the building into floors at various heights, enables the public spaces to be large and with high ceilings, while private portions of the flat such as bedrooms, bathrooms, service rooms and corridors were smaller in scale.

[Wikipedia: Terry Jackson (running back)] Terrance Bernard Jackson (born January 10, 1976) is an American former college and professional football player who was a fullback, running back and special teams player in the National Football League (NFL) for seven seasons during the 1990s and 2000s. Jackson played college football for the University of Florida, and was a member of a national championship team. Thereafter, he played professionally for the San Francisco 49ers of the NFL. Jackson is now a college football administrator at his alma mater.

[Wikipedia: Umba River (Tanzania)] The Umba River is located in northeastern Tanzania in Tanga Region. It rises in Schageiuforest (Shagayu) in the West Usambara Mountains at 2,000 m altitude and flows on the north side of the mountain range to the east. At Lelwa it empties the Mbalamu River, which comes from the extreme north of the Usambara Mountains, and the Mglumi River into the Umba. Just before the Umba flows into the Indian Ocean, it crosses the border to Kenya. The mouth itself marks the most eastern point on the border between Tanzania and Kenya, which was largely made in a straight line to the northwest towards Lake Victoria in the 19th Century. On the upper reaches of the river in the mid-1960s rich deposits of precious stones, including sapphires and Spessartine, were discovered. Also on the river is the Umba River Game Reserve, a wildlife reserve that includes along with the Mkomazi Game Reserve, about 2,600 km².

[Wikipedia: The Betrayal – Nerakhoon] The Betrayal — Nerakhoon is a 2008 documentary film directed by Ellen Kuras and Thavisouk Phrasavath.

[Wikipedia: Battle of Coleto] The Battle of Coleto, also known as the Battle of Coleto Creek, the Battle of the Prairie, and the Batalla del encinal del Perdido, was fought on March 19–20, 1836, during the Goliad campaign of the Texas Revolution. In February, General José de Urrea led a branch of the Mexican army up the Gulf Coast of Mexican Texas toward Goliad, where a large contingent of soldiers from the Texian Army were garrisoned under Colonel James W. Fannin. Simultaneously, Mexican president Antonio Lopez de Santa Anna led a larger force into the Texian interior, where on March 6 his troops won the Battle of the Alamo. After learning of the Alamo's defeat, Texian general Sam Houston ordered Fannin to retreat from Goliad and join the rest of the army in Victoria.

[Wikipedia: St. George, Staten Island] St. George is a neighborhood on the northeastern tip of Staten Island in New York City, where the Kill Van Kull enters Upper New York Bay. It is the most densely developed neighborhood on Staten Island, and the location of the administrative center for the borough and for the coterminous Richmond County. The Staten Island terminal of the Staten Island Ferry is located here, as well as the northern terminus of the Staten Island Railway. St. George is bordered on the south by the neighborhood of Tompkinsville and on the west by the neighborhood of New Brighton.

[Wikipedia: The Florida Interurban Railway and Tunnel Company] The Florida Interurban Railway and Tunnel Company was incorporated in 1912 by the Bates Real Estate Interests and partners, which had extensive backgrounds in railroading with the Seaboard Air Line Railroad. It is not known if the company was a 'front' for Seaboard expansion into new markets but the use of a front company has been a common practice in Florida. The railway was to link Jacksonville with both St. Augustine and Pablo Beach (later named: Jacksonville Beach) with a 45-mile rail network. The tunnel would have had the additional bonus of being the first man-made crossing of the St. Johns River and was planned for interurbans and streetcars as well as automobiles and pedestrians. The opening of the St. Elmo Acosta toll Bridge in 1921 connected both sides of the river and it was used by streetcars, automobiles and pedestrians. Nothing more was heard from the FIR&T Company, but several more interurban schemes played into the area's electric railway history. Jacksonville Traction Company itself incorporated the Duval Traction Company which in 1918 completed a line from downtown Jacksonville to Camp Johnston (today's NAS JAX) near the Clay County line. The South Jacksonville municipal Railways flush with cash after linking Jacksonville and South Jacksonville extended its lines to both St. Nicholas and San Jose, which was then considered 'far out in the country.'

[Wikipedia: Bára Basiková] Barbora "Bára" Basiková (born 17 February 1963) is a Czech singer and actress. She was named Female Singer of the Year at the 1991 Anděl Awards. In 2002, she performed the title role in the famous Czech musical, Kleopatra, at Prague's Broadway Theatre. Basiková placed third in the 1987 Zlatý slavík for female singer behind Petra Janů and Iveta Bartošová.

[Wikipedia: Bethnal] Bethnal were a British rock band formed in 1972. In 1978, they released two albums on Vertigo Records: "Dangerous Times", produced by Kenny Laguna; and "Crash Landing"; produced by Jon Astley and Phil Chapman,

[Wikipedia: Florence Nagle] Florence Nagle (26 October 1894 – 30 October 1988) was a trainer and breeder of racehorses, a breeder of pedigree dogs, and an active feminist. Nagle purchased her first Irish Wolfhound in 1913, and went on to own or breed twenty-one United Kingdom Champions. Best in Show at Crufts in 1960 was awarded to Sulhamstead Merman, who was bred, owned and exhibited by Nagle. She also competed successfully in field trials with Irish Setters, from the 1920s until the mid-1960s resulting in eighteen Field Trial Champions. The male dog who was a linchpin in the 1970s revival of the Irish Red and White Setter breed was descended from one of Nagle's Irish Setters.

[Wikipedia: San Lorenzo Marine Archipelago National Park] San Lorenzo Marine Archipelago National Park is a national park of Mexico located on San Lorenzo Island part of an archipelago in the Gulf of California off the eastern coast of Baja California. The San Lorenzo Archipelago is considered one of the most important ecological areas of the Gulf of California. The Island and surrounding areas are part of a rich ecosystem comprised by a grand variety of flora and marine fauna. This area is protected by the Mexican federal government Norma Oficial Mexicana NOM-059-SEMARNAT-2001 because of its importance as a habitat for several endangered species. The Archipelago is part of the municipality of Mexicali, Baja California. The island is located southeast of the city separated by the Salsipuedes Channel.

[Wikipedia: Naugle v. Philip Morris USA, Inc.] Naugle v. Philip Morris was a landmark 2009 court case in which a jury awarded the plaintiff Lucinda Naugle $300 million. The award included $56.6 million in compensatory damages for medical expenses and $244 million in punitive damages. At the time, the verdict was the largest award given to an individual suing a tobacco company, and was featured on NBC, ABC, 60 Minutes, and "The New York Times". In 2012, the verdict amount for punitive damages was reduced to $36.8 million.

[Wikipedia: Prophet's Prey] Prophet's Prey is a 2015 American documentary film directed by Amy J. Berg. The film is an adaptation of the 2011 book "Prophet's Prey: My Seven-Year Investigation into Warren Jeffs and the Fundamentalist Church of Latter-Day Saints". It was produced by Katherine LeBlond and Sam Brower, the author of the book, for Showtime and Imagine Entertainment. It premiered at the 2015 Sundance Film Festival and had its television premiere on October 10, 2015. The film's subject matter is Warren Jeffs, the president of the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints, who is now running his religion from the confines of the Texas state prison, where he is serving out a sentence of life plus twenty years for the rape of girls aged 12 and 13. The score is written by Nick Cave and Warren Ellis.

[Wikipedia: Keith Walsh] Keith Walsh is an Irish radio DJ, and Vegan. Currently the lead anchor for RTÉ 2fm's early morning programme "Breakfast Republic" with comedians Bernard O'Shea and Jennifer Maguire. Walsh earlier worked at Dublin's SPIN 1038 where he partnered with Joe Donnelly. He is a former programme director for i105107 and Phantom 105.2. He is married and has two children.

[Wikipedia: Hospital Brothers of St. Anthony] The Hospital Brothers of St. Anthony, Order of St. Anthony or Canons Regular of St. Anthony of Vienne ("Canonici Regulares Sancti Antonii", or CRSAnt), also Antonines, were a Roman Catholic congregation founded in c. 1095, with the purpose of caring for those suffering from the common medieval disease of St. Anthony's fire.

[Wikipedia: Navayana] Navayana (Devanagari: नवयान, IAST: "Navayāna") means "new vehicle" and refers to the re-interpretation of Buddhism by B.R. Ambedkar. Ambedkar was born in a Dalit (untouchable) family during the colonial era of India, studied abroad, became a Dalit leader, and announced in 1935 his intent to convert from Hinduism to Buddhism. Thereafter Ambedkar studied texts of Buddhism, found several of its core beliefs and doctrines such as Four Noble Truths and Anatta as flawed and pessimistic, re-interpreted these into what he called "new vehicle" of Buddhism. This is known as Navayana, also known as Bhimayāna after Ambedkar's first name Bhimrao. Ambedkar held a press conference on October 13 1956, announcing his rejection of Theravada and Mahayana vehicles, as well as of Hinduism. Thereafter, he left Hinduism and adopted Navayana, about six weeks before his death.

[Wikipedia: Florence (CDP), Wisconsin] Florence is an unincorporated census-designated place in and the county seat of Florence County, Wisconsin, United States. Florence is located in northern Florence County, in the town of Florence. Florence has a post office with ZIP code 54121. The community was named a census-designated place in 2010. As of the 2010 census, its population was 592.

[Wikipedia: Schleswig-Holstein Question] The Schleswig-Holstein Question (German: "Schleswig-Holsteinische Frage" ; Danish: "Spørgsmålet om Sønderjylland og Holsten" ) was a complex set of diplomatic and other issues arising in the 19th century from the relations of two duchies, Schleswig (Danish: "Sønderjylland/Slesvig" ) and Holstein (Danish: "Holsten" ), to the Danish crown and to the German Confederation. The British statesman Lord Palmerston is reported to have said: “Only three people have ever really understood the Schleswig-Holstein business—the Prince Consort, who is dead—a German professor, who has gone mad—and I, who have forgotten all about it."

[Wikipedia: Władysław II Jagiełło] Jogaila, later Władysław II Jagiełło (] ) (c. 1352/1362 – 1 June 1434) was the Grand Duke of Lithuania (1377–1434) and then the King of Poland (1386–1434), first alongside his wife Jadwiga until 1399, and then sole King of Poland. He ruled in Lithuania from 1377. Born a pagan, in 1386 he converted to Catholicism and was baptized as Władysław in Kraków, married the young Queen Jadwiga, and was crowned King of Poland as Władysław II Jagiełło. In 1387 he converted Lithuania to Christianity. His own reign in Poland started in 1399, upon the death of Queen Jadwiga, and lasted a further thirty-five years and laid the foundation for the centuries-long Polish–Lithuanian union. He was a member of the Jagiellonian dynasty in Poland that bears his name and was previously also known as the Gediminid dynasty in the Grand Duchy of Lithuania. The dynasty ruled both states until 1572, and became one of the most influential dynasties in late medieval and early modern Central and Eastern Europe. During his reign, the Polish-Lithuanian state was the largest state in the Christian world.

[Wikipedia: Lawrence Line] The Lawrence Line was a boundary line or partition line drawn through the Province of New Jersey during the colonial period, dividing it into the Province of West Jersey and the Province of East Jersey. The line was created by surveyor John Lawrence in 1743, and sought to offer final resolution to the division between the two proprietary colonies set out on the Quintipartite Deed (1676) which divided New Jersey by a straight line from “the Northernmost Branch of said Bay or River of De la Ware which is in forty-one Degrees and forty minutes of latitude…unto the most southwardly poynt of the East syde of Little Egge Harbour.” Several previous surveys, including the Keith Line (1686), the Coxe–Barclay Line (1688), the Thornton Line (1696) were disputed and drawn too far west. Lawrence was commissioned in 1743 to resolve the long-standing disputes.

[Wikipedia: John Lindsay (Paralympian)] John Lindsay, OAM (born 29 January 1970) is an Australian Paralympic athlete from Melbourne. He competed in the 1988 Seoul games in distances ranging from 100 m to 800 m, but did not win any medals. At the 1992 Barcelona Games, he won a gold medal in the Men's 200 m TW3 event, for which he received a Medal of the Order of Australia, a silver medal in the Men's 100 m TW3 event and a bronze medal in the Men's 400 m TW3 event. That year, he had a Victorian Institute of Sport scholarship. He was also working as a fitness instructor in 1992, held world records in the 100 m and 200 m events, and was ranked 6th in the world in the 400 m. He won a gold medal in the men's athletics 100 m T52 event at the 1996 Summer Paralympics with a time of 15.22, a silver medal in the 200 m T52 event with a time of 27.38, and a bronze medal in the 400 m T52 event with a time of 52.93. At the 2000 Sydney Games, he won a gold medal in the Men's 100 m T53 event, a silver medal as part of the Men's 4x100 m Relay T54 team, and a bronze medal in the Men's 200 m T53 event; he was also part of the Men's 4x400 m Relay T54 team, which was the only one to qualify in its heat, but it did not make it to the finals. At the 2004 Athens Games, he came seventh in the first round of the Men's 100 m T53 event and sixth in the third round of the Men's 200 m T53 event. He was an Australian Institute of Sport scholarship holder in 1995 and 2000.

[Wikipedia: Maha Nadigan] Maha Nadigan (English: "Great Actor") is a 2004 Tamil film directed by Sakthi Chidambaram. It is a satire of Tamil cinema and politics, with Sathyaraj playing a common man who goes to become a cinema superstar and then the chief minister of Tamil Nadu.

[Wikipedia: The Sound Pattern of English] The Sound Pattern of English (frequently referred to as SPE) is a 1968 work on phonology (a branch of linguistics) by Noam Chomsky and Morris Halle. It presents a view of the phonology of English, and has been very influential in both the field of phonology and in the analysis of the English language. Chomsky and Halle present a view of phonology as a linguistic subsystem, separate from other components of the grammar, that transforms an underlying phonemic sequence according to rules and produces as its output the phonetic form that is uttered by a speaker. The theory fits with the rest of Chomsky's early theories of language in the sense that it is transformational; as such it serves as a landmark in Chomsky's theories by adding a clearly articulated theory of phonology to his previous work which focused on syntax.

[Wikipedia: Queen Charlotte Airlines] Queen Charlotte Airlines was a Canadian airline founded by Jim Spilsbury that operated on the West Coast of Canada from 1946 to 1955, when it was sold to Pacific Western Airlines. Though the airline grew out of a bush flying operation, it became the third largest airline in Canada.

[Wikipedia: Hitler – Dead or Alive] Hitler – Dead or Alive is a 1942 American propaganda war film directed by Nick Grinde. The plot of "Hitler – Dead or Alive" was inspired by true events but takes a quasi-comic tone.

[Wikipedia: Atlético Madrid] Club Atlético de Madrid, SAD (] ), commonly known as Atlético Madrid, or simply as Atlético or Atleti, is a Spanish professional football club based in Madrid, that plays in La Liga. The club play their home games at the Wanda Metropolitano, which has a capacity of 68,000.

[Wikipedia: Suicide (wrestling)] Suicide is a professional wrestling persona, used by multiple professional wrestlers. Suicide first appeared as a fictional character from the video game "TNA Impact!". In December 2008, the Suicide character was introduced on television as a real-life wrestler in Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (now Impact Wrestling). Originally portrayed by Frankie Kazarian, Christopher Daniels held the role for a time in early 2009 and went on to win the X Division Championship. In June 2010, Kiyoshi became the third man to use the gimmick. In October 2010, the gimmick was dropped, but made a brief return in January 2011, once again being portrayed by Christopher Daniels, before being dropped once again in April 2011. Suicide returned to television in May 2013 portrayed by T.J. Perkins. Austin Aries wrestled under the Suicide gimmick for one day and won the TNA X Division Championship on the episode of "Impact Wrestling" which aired on June 27, 2013. Suicide was "revealed" to be TJ Perkins on the June 30, 2013, episode of "Impact Wrestling". His ring name was changed to "Manik", using a slightly altered version of the Suicide ring-gear, with new music. Perkins remains the only man to have wrestled under the Manik persona. The Suicide persona returned in July 2016 for TNA One Night Only X-Travaganza 2016, portrayed by Jonathan Gresham. In March 2017, Caleb Konley became the most recent wrestler behind the mask.

[Wikipedia: Rimstone] Rimstone, also called gours, is a type of speleothem (cave formation) in the form of a stone dam. Rimstone is made up of calcite and other minerals that build up in cave pools. The formation created, which looks like stairs, often extends into flowstone above or below the original rimstone. Often, rimstone is covered with small, micro-gours on horizontal surfaces. Rimstone basins may form terraces that extend over hundreds of feet, with single basins known up to 200 feet long from Tham Xe Biang Fai in Laos

[Wikipedia: List of French Americans] French Americans are U.S. citizens or nationals of French descent and heritage. The majority of Franco-American families did not arrive directly from France, but rather settled French territories in the New World (primarily in the 17th and 18th centuries) before moving or being forced to move to the United States later on (see Quebec diaspora and Great Upheaval). Also, the largest French territory in North America was sold to the U.S., absorbing their French citizens (see Louisiana Purchase). About thirteen million U.S. residents are of French descent, and about 1.5 million of them speak the French language at home. Being isolated, mixed with different cultures, or ignored, the French-Americans developed particular cultures that reflect varying degrees of adaptation of their environments. This gave birth to streams of French-Americans like the Acadians, the Cajuns (an Anglicization of the autonym "Cadien", from the French word for Acadian, "Acadien"), Louisiana Créoles and many others.

[Wikipedia: 249th (Saskatchewan) Battalion, CEF] The 249th Battalion, CEF, was a unit in the Canadian Expeditionary Force during the First World War. Based in Regina, Saskatchewan, the unit began recruiting in the autumn of 1916 throughout the province of Saskatchewan. After sailing to England in March 1918 (on board RMS "Saxonia" ) the battalion was absorbed into the 15th Reserve Battalion, CEF, upon arrival. The 249th Battalion had one officer commanding: Lieutenant-Colonel C. B. Keenlyside.

[Wikipedia: Military Attack] Military Attack (Chinese: 軍事出擊, originally named Rave) (foaled 4 March 2008) is an Irish-bred, Hong Kong trained Thoroughbred racehorse. Unraced as a two-year-old he showed promising form in Britain in 2011 before being sold to race in Hong Kong. He continued to show useful but unexceptional form before emerging as a dominant middle-distance performer in the early part of 2013, winning the January Cup, Hong Kong Gold Cup, Premier Plate, Queen Elizabeth II Cup and Singapore Airlines International Cup. In July 2013 at the Hong Kong Jockey Club Champion Awards, he won three awards including the title of Hong Kong Horse of the Year.

[Wikipedia: Miracle on Ice] The "Miracle on Ice" refers to a medal-round game during the men's ice hockey tournament at the 1980 Winter Olympics in Lake Placid, New York, played between the hosting United States, and the defending gold medalists, the Soviet Union.

[Wikipedia: Altamont, North Carolina] Altamont is an unincorporated community in Avery County, North Carolina, United States. The community is located along US 221/NC 194 (Linville Falls Highway), between the town of Crossnore and the community of Linville Falls. Altamont translates to "High Mountain."

[Wikipedia: Neutron capture nucleosynthesis] Neutron capture nucleosynthesis describes two nucleosynthesis pathways: the r-process and the s-process, for "rapid" and "slow" neutron captures, respectively. R-process describes neutron capture in a region of high neutron flux, such as during supernova nucleosynthesis after core-collapse, and yields neutron-rich nuclides. S-process describes neutron capture that is slow relative to the rate of beta decay, as for stellar nucleosynthesis in some stars, and yields nuclei with stable nuclear shells. Each process is responsible for roughly half of the observed abundances of elements heavier than iron. The importance of neutron capture to the observed abundance of the chemical elements was first described in 1957 in the BFH paper.

[Wikipedia: I Can't Get Next to You] "I Can't Get Next to You" is a 1969 number-one single recorded by The Temptations and written by Norman Whitfield and Barrett Strong for the Gordy (Motown) label. The song was the number-one single on the Billboard Top Pop Singles chart for two weeks in 1969, from October 18 to October 25, replacing "Sugar, Sugar" by The Archies and replaced by "Suspicious Minds" by Elvis Presley. The single was also a number-one hit on the Billboard Top R&B Singles for five weeks, from October 4 to November 1, replacing "Oh, What a Night" by The Dells, and replaced by another Motown song, "Baby I'm For Real" by The Originals.

[Wikipedia: Sonerila] The genus Sonerila Roxb. belongs to family Melastomaceae. This genus is characterized by presence of three petals (along with the genera "Stussenia" & "Lithobium") as opposed to five in the other members of the family. Most members of the genus prefer growing in shady habitats. It is a large genus including about 175 species.

[Wikipedia: Gato-class submarine] The "Gato"-class were a class of submarines built for the United States Navy and launched in 1941–1943; they were the first mass-production U.S. submarine class of World War II. Together with their near-sisters the "Balao" and "Tench" class es, their design formed the majority of the United States Navy's World War II submarine fleet. Named after the lead ship of the class, USS "Gato" , the "Gato"s and their successors formed the core of the submarine service that was largely responsible for the destruction of the Japanese merchant marine and a large portion of the Imperial Japanese Navy in World War II. "Gato"' s name comes from a species of small catshark. Like most other U.S. Navy submarines of the period, boats of the "Gato" class were given the names of marine creatures. In some references, the "Gato"s are combined with their successors, especially the "Balao" class.

[Wikipedia: Ultra (Depeche Mode album)] Ultra is the ninth studio album by English electronic music band Depeche Mode, released on 14 April 1997 by Mute Records. It is the band's first album since the departure of Alan Wilder, who had left the band in 1995 having become disillusioned with life in Depeche Mode. Wilder's departure and lead singer Dave Gahan's drug problems, which culminated in a near-fatal overdose, had caused many people to speculate that the band was finished. This is their first album as a trio since 1982's "A Broken Frame", along with it being their first album where the band themselves were not involved with production.

[Wikipedia: Chris O'Dea] Chris O'Dea is a documentary filmmaker with a focus on new media and global perspectives. He is a Master of Fine Arts graduate of the UCLA School of Theater, Film and Television. He studied documentary filmmaking under Russian filmmaker Marina Goldovskaya and was a production technician for NBC Sports during their coverage of the Salt Lake City, Sydney, Torino, Beijing and Athens Olympic Games.

[Wikipedia: Breslau-Dürrgoy concentration camp] Breslau-Dürrgoy concentration camp or KZ Dürrgoy was a short-lived Nazi German concentration camp set up in the southern part of Wrocław (German: "Breslau" ), then in Germany, before World War II on the grounds of the old fertilizer factory "Silesia". It was located in what, since 1945, has become known as the Tarnogaj neighbourhood of Wrocław (German: "Dürrgoy" ), at the Strehlener Chaussee or Strzeliński Street (today ul. Bardzka), opposite the cemetery of the Holy Ghost. The camp, intended for the opponents of Nazism, was established at a place of the former POW camp for French prisoners of World War I, converted and utilized by the fertilizer factory. The new camp was founded on the initiative of the commander of SA in Silesia, "SA-Obergruppenführer" Edmund Heines, on 12 March 1933, and liquidated on 10 August 1933 with all prisoners transported to a larger concentration camp at Osnabrück.

[Wikipedia: Jr. Pac-Man] Jr. Pac-Man is an arcade game, released by Bally Midway on January 1, 1983. It is based on "Pac-Man" and its derivatives but, like "Ms. Pac-Man", "Baby Pac-Man", and "Pac-Man Plus", was created without the authorization of Namco. This was one of several games that would eventually lead to the termination of the licensing agreement between Namco and Bally Midway in 1984.

[Wikipedia: Freedom High School (Woodbridge, Virginia)] Freedom High School is a public high school established in 2004. It is located in Woodbridge in unincorporated Prince William County, Virginia, United States, and is part of Prince William County Public Schools. The school is located on 15201 Neabsco Mills Road. In May 2007, Newsweek Magazine ranked Freedom 1148th in the nation on its annual list of "Best High Schools in America." Another Freedom High School is located in adjoining Loudoun County, Virginia which shares the same mascot and colors. Freedom High School is located at (38.621389° N, -77.2875° W). Freedom High School is home to a 9/11 memorial in the shape of a sundial.

[Wikipedia: Brookline, Missouri] Brookline is a former village in Greene County, Missouri, United States. The population was 326 at the 2000 census. In 2005, Brookline consolidated with the city of Republic after a vote of the residents of both communities approved the consolidation. The individual names of Brookline and Republic were to be used for each area, but the town would be governed under the city of Republic. Since this time, the city limit signs of Brookline have been removed and replaced with Republic's. Small markers on the main road through Brookline label the main part of the town, though these are ones used by Missouri for unincorporated communities. Brookline continues to retain its post office and ZIP code and is the official address name for the former community, which is as the intergovernmental agreement between the City of Republic and the Village of Brookline stated:

[Wikipedia: Eastern Hills Mall] Eastern Hills Mall is a shopping mall located at the western border of the Town of Clarence in Erie County, New York, United States. It lies on Transit Road (New York State Route 78, a 73.49-mile state highway), which in the vicinity of the mall, divides Clarence, New York from the town of Amherst, New York east of (Buffalo, New York). The mall is north of the junction of NY-78 with NY-5, and Main Street. The name "Eastern Hills" refers to the very low hills that contribute to a slightly higher elevation than the bordering areas along the Onondaga Escarpment. Eastern Hills Mall is part of a long commercial strip on Transit Road. It consists of two long wings running north and south and one short wing running east and west, which connects the north-south wings in a "double L-shaped" formation. A major department store is at the end of each wing. A food court is located adjacent to the end of the long south wing. A three-screen movie theater showing mainly independent films is also located in the mall, as well as a small New York State Department of Motor Vehicles office. Surrounding the mall is a large, but generally unkept, parking lot. The ratio of the mall is so large, it provides the highest parking ratio of any Buffalo area mall. Much of the parking lot space is leased to area car dealerships to store overstock vehicles due to the low volume of shoppers at the mall. Eastern Hills Mall is currently at approximately 70% occupancy, with many vacant stores throughout the mall and popular anchor store Dave & Busters shuttering its doors in 2015 to move to the nearby Walden Galleria. Eastern Hills is considered by many area residents to be a "dead mall" and is listed on the website Deadmalls.com. Most major and nationally recognized retailers have left and been replaced by independently owned "mom-and-pop" type stores, selling crafts and homemade goods. It is common for retailers to open and close within their first few months, unable to turn a profit due to the low volume of shoppers that still visit Eastern Hills Mall.

[Wikipedia: Stewart McKimmie] Stewart McKimmie (born 27 October 1962) is a Scottish former professional footballer, who predominantly played for home town club Aberdeen. He played in defence, primarily as a right-back, and also played for Dundee and Dundee United. He now writes a weekly column in the Evening Express, as well as appearing as a pundit on Northsound 2's Friday Sport.

[Wikipedia: The Penguins of Madagascar] The Penguins of Madagascar is an American CGI animated television series that had aired on Nickelodeon. It stars nine characters from the DreamWorks Animation animated film "Madagascar": The penguins Skipper (Tom McGrath), Rico (John DiMaggio), Kowalski (Jeff Bennett), and Private (James Patrick Stuart); the lemurs King Julien (Danny Jacobs), Maurice (Kevin Michael Richardson), and Mort (Andy Richter); and Mason (Conrad Vernon) and Phil the chimpanzees. Characters new to the series include Marlene the otter (Nicole Sullivan) and a zookeeper named Alice (Mary Scheer). It is the first Nicktoon produced with DreamWorks Animation. The series was executive produced by Bob Schooley and Mark McCorkle, who were the creators of Disney Channel's "Kim Possible".

[Wikipedia: SimCity Societies] SimCity Societies is a city-building simulation computer game developed by Tilted Mill Entertainment and published by Electronic Arts (EA), and is part of the "Sim" games series. The gameplay is significantly different from previous "SimCity" titles, with a greater focus on social development. "SimCity Societies" was released on November 13, 2007 and received mixed reviews, with praise for the game's improved accessibility and visuals, but criticism for being oversimplified and having poor performance.

[Wikipedia: Samsung REX] The Samsung REX series is a range of Samsung smartphones and feature phones, ranging from low to mid-end phones, running a Java-based operating system with Samsung's TouchWiz user interface. It is currently one of the Samsung line of devices that are aimed at the budget phone market alongside lower end Samsung Galaxy devices. Its main competition includes the Nokia Asha range and Firefox OS.

[Wikipedia: Stade 24 Novembre] Stade 24 Novembre, formerly known as Stade Reine Astrid and today Stade Cardinal Malula, is a stadium located in Kinshasa, Democratic Republic of the Congo. It opened in 1937 and serves as the home of AS Dragons.

[Wikipedia: American Water Spaniel] The American Water Spaniel, (often abbreviated to AWS), is a breed of spaniel which originated in the United States. Developed in the state of Wisconsin during the 19th century from a number of other breeds, including the Irish and English Water Spaniels. The breed was saved by Dr. Fred J. Pfeifer, who set up the breed club and standard, and whose work led to recognition for the breed by the United Kennel Club, and later, the American Kennel Club. While they are the state dog of Wisconsin, they remain a rare breed.

[Wikipedia: Li Yitong (actress)] Li Yitong (Chinese: 李一桐, born 6 September 1990) is a Chinese actress. She made her acting debut in 2016 with a leading role in the web series "Demon Girl" by Yu Zheng. In 2017, she played Huang Rong in the television adaptation of Jin Yong's wuxia (武侠) novel "Legend of the Condor Heroes" and rose to fame in China.

[Wikipedia: Operations on the Ancre, January–March 1917] Operations on the Ancre took place from 11 January – 13 March 1917, between the British Fifth Army and the German 1st Army, on the Somme front during the First World War. After the Battle of the Ancre (13–18 November 1916), British attacks on the Somme front stopped for the winter. For the rest of the year and early January 1917, both sides were reduced to surviving the rain, snow, fog, mud fields, waterlogged trenches and shell-holes. As preparations for the offensive at Arras due in the spring of 1917 continued, the British attempted to keep German attention on the Somme. The Fifth Army was instructed by Field Marshal Sir Douglas Haig to prepare systematic attacks to capture portions of the German defences. Short advances could progressively uncover the remaining German positions in the Ancre valley, threaten the German hold on the village of Serre to the north and expose German positions beyond to ground observation. Artillery-fire could be directed with greater accuracy by ground observers and make overlooked German defences untenable.

[Wikipedia: HNoMS Draug] Two ships of the Royal Norwegian Navy have borne the name HNoMS "Draug", after the sea revenant Draugr:

[Wikipedia: 20 (Twenty)] 20 [Twenty] (stylized as 20 [twenty]) is the third studio album released in Japan by South Korean rock band F.T. Island. It is their second studio album under Warner Music Japan and third studio album overall in the country. Recorded in South Korea in the midst of the band's promotions there, the band aimed to make "20 [Twenty]" their most mature album to date. The album spawned three singles prior to its release—"Let It Go!", "Distance", and "Neverland"—which all charted within the top ten spots of the weekly Oricon singles chart.

[Wikipedia: Anything Goes (AC/DC song)] "Anything Goes" is a song by the Australian hard rock group AC/DC. It is the fourth track from their album "Black Ice". "Anything Goes" is one of five songs from the album that were played live on their Black Ice World Tour, however it was removed from the setlist on 25 October 2009 and was not played for the remainder of the tour. The single cover for Anything Goes is only the second AC/DC cover to feature frontman Brian Johnson alone (the 1986 re-release of "You Shook Me All Night Long" was the first); others have shown either the band or Angus Young.

[Wikipedia: Irondequoit Bay Bridge] The Irondequoit Bay Bridge is a 2375.36 ft continuous truss bridge spanning Irondequoit Bay in eastern Monroe County, New York, in the United States. It is 87 ft wide and carries the six-lane New York State Route 104 (NY 104) from the town of Irondequoit on the west side of the bay to the town of Webster on the bay's east side. The western approach is just east of NY 104's interchange with NY 590. The bay bridge was built in 1967, has nine spans and handles an average of 67,229 vehicles per day as of 2006.

[Wikipedia: Guang (vessel)] A guang or gong is a particular shape used in Chinese art for vessels, originally made as Chinese ritual bronzes in the Shang dynasty (c. 1600 – c. 1046 BC), and sometimes later in Chinese porcelain. They are a type of ewer which was used for pouring rice wine at ritual banquets, and often deposited as grave goods in high-status burial. Examples of the shape may be described as ewers, ritual wine vessels, wine pourers and similar terms, though all of these terms are also used of a number of other shapes, especially the smaller tripod "jue" and the larger "zun".

[Wikipedia: The Alligator People] The Alligator People is a 1959 CinemaScope science fiction horror film directed by Roy Del Ruth. It stars Beverly Garland, Bruce Bennett and Lon Chaney Jr. This film was the penultimate feature directed by Del Ruth and quite different than those of his days at Warner Bros.

[Wikipedia: Lubbers Stadium] Lubbers Stadium, or Arend D. Lubbers Stadium, is a stadium on the Grand Valley State University's main campus in Allendale, Michigan, USA. The stadium was named after former university president Arend Lubbers. It is primarily used for American football, and is the home field of the Grand Valley State Lakers. "Lakers Stadium" - as it was originally known - was constructed in 1972, and opened in 1973. It now officially seats 10,444 people - though it almost always holds thousands more fans. The stadium is also home to a football weight training facility.

[Wikipedia: Rainbow Eyes] Rainbow Eyes () is a 2007 South Korean crime thriller film directed by Yang Yun-ho. The story follows a police inspector who discovers that his friend is now a serial killer.The movie was remade into a thailand thriller named 'Cheun'.

[Wikipedia: Shrek Forever After (video game)] Shrek Forever After (also known as Shrek 4, and Shrek Forever After: The Final Chapter) is an action-adventure video game based on the film of the same name. It was released on May 18, 2010, in North America. It is the fourth and final video game based on the movie series of "Shrek". This was also the last Shrek game to be developed by Activison.

[Wikipedia: Han Yanhui] Han Yanhui (韓延徽) (882-959), courtesy name Zhangming (藏明), Khitan name Xialie (匣列, "one who returned"), formally the Duke of Lu (魯公), was an ethnically Han chancellor of the Khitan Liao dynasty, serving under its first four emperors, Emperor Taizu, Emperor Taizong, Emperor Shizong, and Emperor Muzong.

[Wikipedia: The Year of the Dog (film)] The Year of the Dog (Russian: Год собаки , "God sobaki " ) is a 1994 Russian drama film directed by Semyon Aranovich. It was entered into the 44th Berlin International Film Festival where it won the Silver Bear for an outstanding artistic contribution.

[Wikipedia: A Letter from Death Row (film)] A Letter From Death Row is a 1998 psychological thriller film directed by Marvin Baker and Bret Michaels, lead singer of the hard rock band Poison. Bret Michaels also wrote the film and starred in it. The film was released by Sheen Michaels Entertainment, a company created by Bret Michaels and actor Charlie Sheen. The film was produced by Shane Stanley and also stars Martin Sheen, Charlie Sheen, and Kristi Gibson, who was Michaels' girlfriend at the time.

[Wikipedia: Anna Harrison] Anna Tuthill Symmes Harrison (July 25, 1775 – February 25, 1864), wife of President William Henry Harrison and grandmother of President Benjamin Harrison, was nominally First Lady of the United States during her husband's one-month term in 1841, but she never entered the White House. At the age of 65 years during her husband's presidential term, she is the oldest woman ever to become First Lady, as well as having the distinction of holding the title for the shortest length of time, and the first person to be widowed while holding the title. She was the last First Lady to have been born in British America.

[Wikipedia: Kahn System] The Kahn System is an industrial construction technique for reinforcement of buildings that was engineered and patented by Julius Kahn. The Kahn system is an industrial construction design using the Kahn Trussed Bar as the bases. This steel bar was a new type of reinforcing bar used in concrete and had unique engineered features to distribute stress.

[Wikipedia: Kyalami] Kyalami Racing Circuit (from "Khaya lami", "My home" in Zulu) is a motor racing circuit located in Midrand, Gauteng province, South Africa. The circuit has been used for Grand Prix and Formula One races and has hosted the South African Grand Prix many times. Among the Formula One races held at the track the 1977 South African Grand Prix stands out, as it is principally remembered for the fatal accident that claimed the lives of race marshal Frederick Jansen van Vuuren and driver Tom Pryce. In recent years, the area surrounding the circuit has developed into a residential and commercial suburb of Johannesburg. More recently, Kyalami has played host to five rounds of the Superbike World Championship from 1998 to 2002 and later in 2009 and 2010, the season finale of the Superstars Series in 2009 and 2010, and the South African round of the 2008–09 A1 Grand Prix season.

[Wikipedia: Scharnhorst-class battleship] The "Scharnhorst" class were the first capital ships, alternatively referred to as battleships or battlecruisers, built for Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine" after World War I. The class comprised two vessels: the lead ship "Scharnhorst" and "Gneisenau" . "Scharnhorst" was launched first, and so she is considered to be the lead ship by some sources; however, they are also referred to as the "Gneisenau" class in some other sources, as "Gneisenau" was the first to be laid down and commissioned. They marked the beginning of German naval rearmament after the Treaty of Versailles. The ships were armed with nine 28 cm (11 in) SK C/34 guns in three triple turrets, though there were plans to replace these weapons with six 38 cm (15 in) SK C/34 guns in twin turrets.

[Wikipedia: David Palmer (24 character)] David Palmer, J.D. was a fictional U.S. Senator and later in the series President of the United States portrayed by Dennis Haysbert as part of the television series "24". Palmer served as the show's second-most prominent protagonist, after Jack Bauer, being forced to make hard decisions as President while also facing opposing elements within his own administration. Throughout the series, Palmer's ex-wife Sherry and brother Wayne are both key figures in his administration. He has two children: a son, Keith, and a daughter, Nicole. Palmer was a member of the Democratic Party. He is in the fourth highest number of episodes of any character in the series behind Tony Almeida (115), Chloe O'Brian (125) and main character Jack Bauer (192), portrayed by Carlos Bernard, Mary Lynn Rajskub and Kiefer Sutherland, respectively.

[Wikipedia: Albert Burke (tennis)] Albert Burke (1901 – 1958) was an Irish professional tennis player based in France. Albert Burke was the son of Thomas Burke. Thomas Burke was a professional tennis player when professional tennis began in the late 19th century and Albert Burke's brother Edmund Burke was also a professional tennis player . Albert Burke won the Bristol Cup in France (the top professional tournament in the world in the 1920s), in 1924 and 1925 (beating Roman Najuch in both finals) . He was also losing finalist in the Bristol Cup in 1926, 1929 and 1931 (losing all three finals to Karel Kozeluh) . Burke finished second in the 1930 French Pro Championship round robin (Karel Kozeluh was first) . At the US Pro Tennis Championships Burke was a quarter finalist in 1931 (losing to Howard Kinsey) and 1932 (losing to Bill Tilden) . At the Wembley Championships Burke lost in the quarter finals in 1935 (losing to Ellsworth Vines) .

[Wikipedia: Whirligig] A whirligig is an object that spins or whirls, or has at least one part that spins or whirls. Whirligigs are also known as pinwheels, buzzers, comic weathervanes, gee-haws, spinners, whirlygigs, whirlijig, whirlyjig, whirlybird, or plain whirly. Whirligigs are most commonly powered by the wind but can be hand, friction, or motor powered. They can be used as a kinetic garden ornament. They can be designed to transmit sound and vibration into the ground to repel burrowing rodents in yards, gardens, and backyards.

[Wikipedia: Three Tall Women] Three Tall Women is a play by Edward Albee, which won the 1994 Pulitzer Prize for Drama, Albee's third.

[Wikipedia: Skylab (band)] Skylab is a United Kingdom-based ambient/electronica outfit formed in 1993. They have been featured on multiple compilations from the Red Hot AIDS Benefit Series of albums produced by the Red Hot Organization, and have worked with the likes of Steve Dahl. Their membership at the time of their album debut were Toshio Nakanishi, K.U.D.O., Howie B and Mat Ducasse.

[Wikipedia: Realness (RuPaul album)] Realness is the eighth studio album from singer and drag queen, RuPaul. It was released on March 2, 2015 and is RuPaul's first album to feature a Parental Advisory warning label. The album was released to coincide with the seventh season premiere of "RuPaul's Drag Race", which premiered the same day as the album's release. The album features guest appearances from Michelle Visage, Rebecca Romijn and Dave Audé, among others. Upon its release, the album charted at number 6 on the "Billboard" Dance/Electronic Albums, and 38 on the Independent Albums. The album sees RuPaul reuniting with producer Eric Kupper, producer of his debut album "Supermodel of the World".

[Wikipedia: Chander Bari] Chander Bari is a 2007 Bengali film directed by Tarun Majumdar. The film centers on a middle class joint family. The film is based on a Bengali story written by Pracheta Gupta. Majumdar used some Rabindra Sangeets in this film.

[Wikipedia: Jemez River] The Jemez River is a tributary of the Rio Grande in the U.S. state of New Mexico. The river is formed by the confluence of the East Fork Jemez River and San Antonio Creek, which drain a number of tributaries in the area of the Jemez Mountains and Santa Fe National Forest. The Jemez River is about 50 mi long, or about 80 mi long if its longest headwater tributary, San Antonio Creek, is included. The East Fork Jemez River is about 22 mi long. Both San Antonio Creek and the East Fork Jemez River flow through intricate meanders along their courses. The East Fork Jemez is a National Wild and Scenic River.

[Wikipedia: Ashland, New Hampshire] Ashland is a town in Grafton County, New Hampshire, United States. The population was 2,076 at the 2010 census. Located near the geographical center of the state, Ashland is home to Scribner-Fellows State Forest.

[Wikipedia: Jesús Guerrero] Jesús Guerrero Béiztegui (born April 20, 1949) is a former Spanish handball player who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics.

[Wikipedia: Dain Rauscher Wessels] Dain Rauscher Wessels was a brokerage and investment banking firm based in Minneapolis, Minnesota. The firm traced its origins to a number of smaller regional securities firms founded in the 1920s and 1930s.

[Wikipedia: Brian C. Bialiy] Brian C. Bialiy worked on and appeared in the award-winning documentary The Staten Island Catapult. Starring as the Angry White Man, Brian poignantly portrays a disgruntled and confounded commuter confronted by the 'latest' in cross-borough transportation.

[Wikipedia: List of accolades received by WALL-E] "WALL-E" (promoted with an interpunct as "WALL•E") is an American animation film released in 2008 and directed by Andrew Stanton. Walt Disney Pictures released it in the United States and Canada on June 27, 2008, grossing $23.1 million on its opening day, and $63 million during its opening weekend in 3,992 theaters, ranking number 1 at the box office. It eventually grossed $223 million domestically and $533 million worldwide. "WALL-E" was well received, with an approval rating of 96% on the review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes.

[Wikipedia: The Testimony (2015 film)] The Testimony is a 2015 American short-documentary film which chronicles the largest rape tribunal in the history of the Democratic Republic of the Congo as a result of M23 rebellion fighting. It is directed and shot by Vanessa Block and produced by Block, Steve Tisch, Mitchell Block and Michael Sarnoski. "The Testimony " was shortlisted with ten other documentaries from 74 entries submitted to the 88th Academy Awards in Documentary Short Subject category. The final five nominations are scheduled to be announced on January 14, 2016.

[Wikipedia: Ed Randall] Ed Randall is a longtime New York radio and TV personality and published author. He is a regular contributor to the anthology shows on MLB Network. He also hosts the Sunday morning radio program Ed Randall's Talking Baseball, which airs on New York's WFAN-Radio and "Remember When" nationally on Sirius/XM Radio's MLB Network Radio channel on Saturday mornings. He served as the post-game analyst on the commercial telecasts of the New York Yankees on WWOR-TV and is a host in MLB.com's multimedia department.

[Wikipedia: The Subtle Knife] The Subtle Knife, the second book in the "His Dark Materials" series, is a young-adult fantasy novel written by Philip Pullman and published in 1997. The novel continues the adventures of Lyra Belacqua as she investigates the mysterious Dust phenomenon and searches for her father. Will Parry is introduced as a companion to Lyra, and together they explore the new realms to which they have both been introduced.

[Wikipedia: Wonder Woman in other media] Since her debut in "All Star Comics" #8 (December 1941), Diana Prince/Wonder Woman has appeared in a number of formats besides comic books. Genres include animated television shows, direct-to-DVD animated films, video games, the 1970s live-action television show, "Wonder Woman", the 2014 CGI theatrical release, "The Lego Movie", and the live-action DCEU films, "" (2016) and "Wonder Woman" (2017). In November 2017, she will appear in the DCEU release, "Justice League" and will also appear in "Flashpoint" (TBA) and "Wonder Woman 2" (2019).

[Wikipedia: Hopelink] Hopelink is a social services nonprofit agency that serves north and east King County, Washington with food banks, energy assistance, housing, a family development program, transportation and adult education. Founded in 1971, it is one of the largest nonprofits in the state of Washington, employing more than 250 people with an annual budget of about $55,000,000. With a mission of helping people achieve stability and prepare to exit poverty, Hopelink serves about 64,000 people every year.

[Wikipedia: Combat Zone Wrestling] Combat Zone Wrestling (CZW) is an American independent wrestling promotion. In 1999, John Zandig and five of his students, Ric Blade, T.C.K, Lobo, Nick Gage, and Justice Pain (along with trainer Jon Dahmer) began to run professional wrestling shows in New Jersey and Delaware, showcasing a brand of hardcore wrestling dubbed as "ultraviolence". Ladders, tables, steel folding chairs, thumbtacks, barbed wire, weed whackers, light tubes, panes of glass, and fire are all common elements of "ultraviolent wrestling" in CZW. The company filled a niche for hardcore wrestling fans that had been left open by the folding of Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW). CZW established themselves as the leading American hardcore wrestling promotion at the ECW Arena with their "Cage of Death 3" show in 2001, the year ECW folded.

[Wikipedia: Enrique Malek International Airport] Enrique Malek International Airport (IATA: DAV, ICAO: MPDA) ("Spanish: Aeropuerto Internacional Enrique Malek") is an international airport located in the city of David, Chiriquí in the Republic of Panama. The former terminal was demolished for a new one to be built. When construction had finished, daily flights from Air Panama started arriving. Now the international flight terminal receives numerous daily flights from Copa Airlines and Air Panama. Also car rentals commenced operations in the new terminal.

[Wikipedia: Neotropical realm] The Neotropical realm is one of the eight biogeographic realms constituting the Earth's land surface. Physically, it includes the tropical terrestrial ecoregions of the Americas and the entire South American temperate zone.

[Wikipedia: Jolin Tsai discography] Taiwanese singer Jolin Tsai ( ) has released thirteen studio albums, seven greatest hits albums, six live albums, four remix albums, and one cover album. In 1999, Tsai signed a recording deal with Universal Music Taiwan. The first release under the label was her debut album, "1019" (1999). It sold more than 400,000 copies in Taiwan alone. She followed the album with the sophomore release, "Don't Stop" (2000). The album has sold more than 450,000 copies in Taiwan alone, becoming her best-selling album in Taiwan of her career to this date. "Show Your Love" was a released as her third studio album in 2000 and sold over 260,000 copies in Taiwan alone. Tsai's fourth studio album, "Lucky Number" (2001), sold more than 150,000 copies in Taiwan alone, Her remaining contract with Universal ended with two albums: her first greatest hits album, "Together", and her first remix compilation, "Dance Collection" (2002).

[Wikipedia: Joshua Arthur] Joshua George Arthur (27 January 1906 – 20 May 1974) was an Australian politician who represented the Electoral district of Hamilton (1935–50) and the Electoral district of Kahibah (1950–53) for the Australian Labor Party.

[Wikipedia: Lost in La Mancha] Lost in La Mancha is a 2002 documentary film about Terry Gilliam's unfinished film "The Man Who Killed Don Quixote", a film adaptation of the novel "Don Quixote" by Miguel de Cervantes. It was shot in 2000 during Gilliam's first attempt to make the film with the purpose of being its making-of, but Gilliam's failure in making the movie led it to be retitled "Lost in la Mancha" and to be released independently.

[Wikipedia: Chillingham, New South Wales] Chillingham is a small village approximately 14 km northwest of Murwillumbah in the Tweed Valley, New South Wales, Australia. The Rous River, a tributary of the Tweed River, flows through the town.

[Wikipedia: Nebraska (The Walking Dead)] "Nebraska" is the eighth episode and mid-season premiere of the second season, and 14th episode overall of the post-apocalyptic horror television series "The Walking Dead". It originally aired on AMC in the United States on February 12, 2012. In the episode, the survivors deal with the aftermath of the barn shooting, which causes Hershel Greene (Scott Wilson) to order Rick's group to leave and then start drinking and disappear from the group, leading Rick Grimes (Andrew Lincoln) and Glenn (Steven Yeun) to try to find him. Meanwhile, Dale Horvath (Jeffrey DeMunn) becomes more suspicious of Shane Walsh's (Jon Bernthal) actions.

[Wikipedia: Calyptocephalellidae] The Calyptocephalellidae are a family of toads found in Chile containing two genera, "Calyptocephalella" and "Telmatobufo". The "Calyptocephalella" genus contains one species, "C. gayi", the helmeted water toad, which is a large aquatic toad weighing up to 0.5 kg . The "Telmatobufo" genus contains four species, "T. australis", "T. bullocki", "T. ignotus", and "T. venustus". All species within the family are considered threatened, with "T. bullocki" and "T. venustus" being classified as critically endangered.

[Wikipedia: Erwin Mill] Erwin Mill was a textile mill in Durham, North Carolina that operated between the years of 1893 and 1986. After seeing the success of other cotton mills in the Northeast and locally in Durham, entrepreneur Benjamin N. Duke incorporated the mill in 1892 and recruited William H. Erwin to manage the enterprise. The mill’s success in the late 19th and early 20th centuries was the result of Erwin’s and his successors’ exceptional management tactics, even when the factory hit obstacles such as the Great Depression and the unionization of its workers. The mill grew quickly in the late 19th century and early 20th century, became one of North Carolina’s largest cotton mills. It originally produced muslin pouches for tobacco, but the mill would later expand its production to other fabrics, becoming one of the largest producers of denim in the world during the early 1900s. Workers at the mill enjoyed some of the best working conditions and highest wages in textile factories throughout the southern United States. Mill employees would later sign union-friendly labor agreements that were radical to the southern textile industry in the early to mid 20th century. The establishment of homes, businesses and recreation areas in the mill village was a significant factor in the development of the West Durham, especially the Ninth Street business district and the Old West Durham Neighborhood. Erwin Mill No. 1 is on the National Register of Historic Places and the mill village of West Durham is a National Historic District. An apartment complex, office building and shopping center of the same name that are built on the original site also commemorate the factory.

[Wikipedia: Reynolds Secondary School] Reynolds Secondary School is a public secondary school in the Greater Victoria suburb of Saanich, British Columbia, Canada. It has specialized programs including: Flexible Studies, French immersion, Band, and Centre for Soccer Excellence. Along with these, Reynolds also offers many career planning programs such as CP Theatre, CP Art, CP Recreation, CP Tourism, CP Journalism and co-op. Reynolds Marching Band is one of the best in the city. Reynolds also boasts the world's first "Chamber of Understanding." Reynolds also has an excellent theatre program that has performed musicals such as: The Music Man (2011), Bye Bye Birdie (2012), How to Succeed in Business without Really Trying (2013), Curtains (2014), Seussical (2015), Grease 2016, Guys and Dolls 2017, and Spamalot 2018.

[Wikipedia: Findochty railway station] Findochty railway station was a railway station in the small fishing village of Findochty, Moray about 3 miles to the east of Buckie. The railway station was opened by the Great North of Scotland Railway (GNoSR) on its Moray Firth coast line in 1886, served by Aberdeen to Elgin trains.

[Wikipedia: Kurt Maloo] Kurt Maloo (born Kurt Meier, April 16, 1953 in Zurich, Switzerland) is a Swiss singer-songwriter, composer, and record producer. He first achieved international success in 1986, as the singer and front man of the duo Double with the hit single, "The Captain of Her Heart".

[Wikipedia: Gold Coast, Queensland] The Gold Coast is a coastal area in the Australian state of Queensland, approximately 66 km south-southeast of the state capital Brisbane and immediately north of the border with New South Wales. With a census-estimated 2016 population of 638,090, The Gold Coast is the sixth-largest city in Australia, making it the largest non-capital city, and the second-largest city in Queensland.

[Wikipedia: Three are Three] Three are Three (Spanish: Tres eran tres) is a 1955 Spanish comedy film directed by Eduardo García Maroto. In three separate segments it parodies different film genres.

[Wikipedia: Goodbye Yellow Brick Road (song)] "Goodbye Yellow Brick Road" is a ballad performed by musician Elton John. Lyrics for the song were written by Bernie Taupin and the music composed by John for his album "Goodbye Yellow Brick Road". Its musical style and production were heavily influenced by 1970s soft rock. It was widely praised by critics, and some critics have named it John's best song.

[Wikipedia: Ani-kutani] The Ani-kutani (ᎠᏂᎫᏔᏂ) were the ancient priesthood of the Cherokee people. According to Cherokee legend, the Ani-Kutani were slain during a mass uprising by the Cherokee people approximately 300 years prior to European contact. This uprising was sparked by the fact that the Ani-Kutani had become corrupt and conducted sexual improprieties. The ancient structure of Cherokee Society and the Cherokee Clans were closely linked to the beliefs of the Ani-Kutani.

[Wikipedia: Pizza Capers] Pizza Capers is an Australian fast food chain specialising in pizza and Italian cuisine, based in Queensland. Pizza Capers has over 110 stores throughout Australia, located in the Australian Capital Territory (ACT), New South Wales, Queensland, South Australia, Tasmania and Victoria. The company has also expanded internationally into Singapore. Pizza Capers offers delivery in addition to in-store pick up or restaurant dining. The company is owned by parent company Retail Food Group.

[Wikipedia: List of Alyas Robin Hood characters] Alyas Robin Hood (  "Alias Robin Hood" / English title: "Bow of Justice") is an ongoing Philippine drama-action series broadcast by GMA Network starring Dingdong Dantes, Megan Young, Andrea Torres and Solenn Heussaff. It premiered on September 19, 2016 on GMA Telebabad primetime block and also aired worldwide on GMA Pinoy TV. The first season ended its 23-week run on February 24, 2017, with a total of 115 episodes, and replaced by "Destined to be Yours". A second season is set to premiere on August 14, 2017 replacing My Love from the Star.

[Wikipedia: Ambush of Geary] The Ambush of Geary was a skirmish of the American Revolutionary War fought on 14 December 1776 near Ringoes in Amwell Township, Hunterdon County, New Jersey. Cornet Francis Geary, the leader of a company of dragoons, was shot in an ambush set up by local militiamen.

[Wikipedia: A Rape in Cyberspace] "A Rape in Cyberspace, or How an Evil Clown, a Haitian Trickster Spirit, Two Wizards, and a Cast of Dozens Turned a Database into a Society" is an article written by freelance journalist Julian Dibbell and first published in "The Village Voice" in 1993. The article was later included in Dibbell's book "My Tiny Life" on his LambdaMOO experiences.

[Wikipedia: Amka] Amka (Hebrew: עַמְקָה‎ ), also known in Arabic as Amqa (Arabic: عمقا‎ ‎ ), is a moshav in the Matte Asher Regional Council of Israel's Northern District, near Acre. The location of the moshav roughly corresponds the former Arab village, depopulated during the 1948 Arab–Israeli War. Yemenite Jews, who arrived from the southern Arab country of Yemen, founded the village's successor Amka in 1949. In 2016 its population was 706 .

[Wikipedia: Kaspars Astašenko] Kaspars Astašenko (17 February 1975 – 20 November 2012) was a Latvian professional ice hockey player. Astašenko was born in Riga, Latvia. Astašenko was drafted by the Tampa Bay Lightning in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft, 127th overall. Astašenko played parts of two seasons in the National Hockey League with the Lightning.

[Wikipedia: Stephen N. Limbaugh Sr.] Steven Nathaniel Limbaugh Sr. (born November 17, 1927) is a former United States District Judge who held concurrent appointments to the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Missouri and the United States District Court for the Western District of Missouri from 1983 until his retirement in 2008. He was appointed by president Ronald Reagan in the early 1980s after a distinguished career as a trial lawyer in Missouri. Like his father Rush Limbaugh Sr. before him, Limbaugh served as president of the Missouri Bar for 1982 prior to his appointment. His son, Stephen N. Limbaugh Jr., is currently a federal judge for the Eastern District of Missouri.

[Wikipedia: The Sorrow and the Pity] The Sorrow and the Pity (French: Le Chagrin et la Pitié ) is a two-part 1969 documentary film by Marcel Ophüls about the collaboration between the Vichy government and Nazi Germany during World War II. The film uses interviews with a German officer, collaborators, and resistance fighters from Clermont-Ferrand. They comment on the nature of and reasons for collaboration. The reasons include antisemitism, anglophobia, fear of Bolsheviks and Soviet invasion, the desire for power, and simple caution.

[Wikipedia: Walerian Borowczyk] Walerian Borowczyk (21 October 1923 – 3 February 2006) was an internationally known Polish film director described by film critics as a 'genius who also happened to be a pornographer'. He directed 40 films between 1946 and 1988. Borowczyk settled in Paris in 1959. His career as a film director was mainly in France.

[Wikipedia: Sandiacre Town F.C.] Sandiacre Town Football Club is a football club based in Sandiacre, England. The club have over 20 teams including junior up to senior. The first team play in the Notts Senior League Division 1. The Under 19s team play in the North Midlands Football Development League. At junior level the teams play in local leagues, with the current Under 16s and Under 14s playing in the NERF Junior Premier League.

[Wikipedia: Neil Burns] Neil David Burns (born 19 September 1965, Chelmsford) is a former English cricketer who played as a wicketkeeper/batsman for various clubs but spent the majority of his career at Leicestershire and Somerset. In 2004, following the end of his playing career, Burns re-formed the London County Cricket Club which had been founded by WG Grace - which he continues to manage.

[Wikipedia: Truth (anti-tobacco campaign)] Truth (stylized as truth) is a national campaign aimed at curbing youth smoking in the United States. The "truth" campaign is produced and funded by the American Legacy Foundation, a public health nonprofit organization established in 1999 under the Master Settlement Agreement between U.S. tobacco companies, 46 U.S. states, the District of Columbia, and five territories. "truth" produces television and online content to promote anti-tobacco messages. In August 2014, "truth" launched "Finish It", a redesigned campaign encouraging youth to be the generation that ends smoking.

[Wikipedia: Watershed (Opeth album)] Watershed is the ninth full-length studio album by the Swedish heavy metal band Opeth. Released by Roadrunner Records, "Watershed" is the first studio album by Opeth to feature guitarist Fredrik Åkesson and drummer Martin Axenrot, who replaced longtime guitarist Peter Lindgren and drummer Martin Lopez. The artwork for the album was made by Travis Smith (who has created the artwork for eight previous Opeth releases) in collaboration with Mikael Åkerfeldt. The album is, as of 2017, the band's last studio album to contain death growls or any death metal elements. The song "The Lotus Eater" was featured in the video game "". As of December 8th, 2015, the song "Heir Apparent" is available for download in the video game "Rock Band 4".

[Wikipedia: Kahan Commission] The Kahan Commission (ועדת כהן), formally known as the Commission of Inquiry into the Events at the Refugee Camps in Beirut, was established by the Israeli government on 28 September 1982, to investigate the Sabra and Shatila massacre (16–18 September 1982). The Kahan Commission was chaired by the President of the Supreme Court, Yitzhak Kahan. Its other two members were Supreme Court Judge Aharon Barak, and Major general (res.) Yona Efrat. The Commission was to make recommendations on Israeli involvement in the massacre through an investigation of:

[Wikipedia: Get Smart (film)] Get Smart is a 2008 American action comedy film directed by Peter Segal, written by Tom J. Astle and Matt Ember and produced by Leonard B. Stern, who is also the original series' producer. The film is based on Mel Brooks and Buck Henry's classic television series of the same name.

[Wikipedia: Camlock (electrical)] A camlock is an interchangeable electrical connector often used in temporary electrical power production and distribution. The most common form is the "16" series, rated at 400 amperes with 105 °C terminations. Also in common use is the "15" series ("mini-cam"), rated at 150 amperes. A larger version is made denoted as the "17" series with ratings up to 760 A. A ball nose version and a longer nose standard version exist-the latter is the most common. Another version is the "Posi-lok" which has controlled interconnection sequencing to a panel and a shrouded connector body.The early version original connector was hot-vulcanized to the cable body;later versions use dimensional pressure to exclude foreign material from the connector pin area;the tail of the connector insulator body is trimmable to fit the cable outer diameter.

[Wikipedia: Lewis lamp] The Lewis lamp is a type of light fixture used in lighthouses. It was invented by Winslow Lewis who patented the design in 1810. The primary marketing point of the Lewis lamp was that it used less than half the oil of the prior oil lamps which they replaced. The lamp used a similar design to an Argand lamp, adding a parabolic reflector behind the lamp and a magnifying lens made from 4 in green bottle glass in front of the lamp. A similar variant using a parabolic reflector was created by the inventor of the Argand lamp, Aimé Argand. While the Argand variant became widely used by European lighthouses, the Lewis lamp design was selected by the United States for use in American lighthouses.

[Wikipedia: Saturday Night Live] Saturday Night Live (abbreviated as SNL) is an American late-night live television sketch comedy and variety show created by Lorne Michaels and developed by Dick Ebersol. The show premiered on NBC on October 11, 1975, under the original title NBC's Saturday Night. The show's comedy sketches, which parody contemporary culture and politics, are performed by a large and varying cast of repertory and newer cast members. Each episode is hosted by a celebrity guest (who usually delivers an opening monologue and performs in sketches with the cast) and features performances by a musical guest. An episode normally begins with a cold open sketch that ends with someone breaking character and proclaiming, "Live from New York, it's Saturday Night!", properly beginning the show.

[Wikipedia: Rod Pacheco] Rodric Anthony Pacheco (born May 7, 1958), usually known as Rod Pacheco, is an American politician. He served in the Riverside County District Attorney's Office as a Deputy District Attorney, Chief Deputy District Attorney, Assistant District Attorney and then as District Attorney from 2007–2010 in Riverside County, California. He served in the California State Assembly from 1996–2002. He served as Republican leader from November 5, 1998 – April 6, 1999. Pacheco was defeated on June 8, 2010, in his bid for a second term as Riverside County District Attorney. In January 2011, SNR Denton, a global law firm, announced Pacheco would join the firm and serve in its Los Angeles office. Pacheco became a Partner in Litigation, White Collar, and Public Policy Public Strategies Practice Groups at SNR Denton in January 2011. Pacheco left SNR Denton in October 2014 to join Theodora Oringher PC. Pacheco was recruited by Theodora Oringher PC to form and lead the White Collar/Internal Investigations Practice Group for the firm.

[Wikipedia: Simple Souls] Simple Souls is a 1920 American silent drama film produced by Jesse Hampton and distributed through Pathé Exchange. It is based on a novel of the same name by John Hastings Turner and stars Blanche Sweet. Robert Thornby directed. It is not known whether the film currently survives.

[Wikipedia: Tom Kitt (musician)] Thomas Robert "Tom" Kitt (born February 28, 1974) is an American composer, conductor, orchestrator and musician. For his score for the musical "Next to Normal", he shared the 2010 Pulitzer Prize for Drama with Brian Yorkey. He also won the Tony Award and 2008 Outer Critics Circle Award, and was nominated for a Drama Desk Award for "American Idiot" and "Everyday Rapture".

[Wikipedia: The Architecture of the City] The Architecture of the City (Italian: "L'architettura della città" ) is a seminal book of urban design theory by the Italian architect Aldo Rossi published in Padova in 1966. The book marks the shift from the urban doctrines of modernism to a rediscovery of the traditional European city.

[Wikipedia: Necessary Evil (Deborah Harry album)] Necessary Evil, is the fifth solo album by the American singer Deborah Harry. Released in September 2007, it is her first solo album in fourteen years. The album contains fourteen tracks (seventeen in some territories), including the first single "Two Times Blue", released on the iTunes Store on June 6, 2007. Harry promoted the album on Cyndi Lauper's True Colors Tour 2007, performing a number of songs from the album. Upon its release in the UK, it debuted at #86. In the US, it debuted at #37 on the Independent Chart.

[Wikipedia: Saulius Kuzminskas] Saulius Kuzminskas (born May 30, 1982) is a Lithuanian former professional basketball player. His younger brother Mindaugas is also a basketball player for the New York Knicks.

[Wikipedia: Skyang Kangri] Skyang Kangri (Urdu: ‎ ), or Staircase Peak, is a high peak of the Baltoro Muztagh, a subrange of the Karakoram range. It lies on the Pakistan-China border, about 7 km northeast of K2, the world's second-highest mountain. The name "Staircase Peak" refers to the East Ridge, which resembles a giant staircase with five steps.

[Wikipedia: Terryfold] "Terryfold" is a song written by American actor, voice actor, and animator Justin Roiland and recorded by American indie pop band Chaos Chaos. The song also features vocals from Roiland. It was released onto music streaming platforms and made available for digital download on August 27, 2017. The song was created for the American animated comedy series "Rick and Morty", and was played during "Rest and Ricklaxation", the sixth of episode of the series' third season.

[Wikipedia: List of Newcastle Jets FC seasons] Newcastle Jets FC is an association football club based in Newcastle, Australia. The club was formed in 2000 and competed in the last four seasons of the National Soccer League under the name "Newcastle United FC" before joining the A-League in 2005.

[Wikipedia: Carmen Suite (ballet)] Carmen Suite is a one-act ballet created in 1967 by Cuban choreographer Alberto Alonso to music by Russian composer Rodion Shchedrin for his wife, prima ballerina assoluta Maya Plisetskaya. The premiere took place on 20 April 1967 at the Bolshoi Theatre, Moscow. The music, taken from the opera "Carmen" by Georges Bizet and arranged for strings and percussion, is not a 19th-century pastiche but rather "a creative meeting of the minds," as Shchedrin put it, with Bizet's melodies reclothed in a variety of fresh instrumental colors (including the frequent use of percussion), set to new rhythms and often phrased with a great deal of sly wit. Initially banned by the Soviet hierarchy as "disrespectful" to the opera for precisely these qualities, the ballet has since become Shchedrin's best-known work and has remained popular in the West for what reviewer James Sanderson calls "an iconoclastic but highly entertaining retelling of Bizet's opera."

[Wikipedia: Three Nationwide Plaza] Three Nationwide Plaza is a 408 ft(124m) postmodern highrise building located at the address 3 Nationwide Plaza in Downtown Columbus, Ohio. The building is part of the larger multi-building complex known as Nationwide Plaza. Nationwide Plaza is the headquarters of Nationwide Mutual Insurance Company. Three Nationwide Plaza is the 10th tallest building in Columbus. Construction on the building finished in December 1988. The architect responsible was the NBBJ Group and the building design follows a postmodern style. The building was constructed for approximately $89 million and the main materials used were glass, steel, and concrete.

[Wikipedia: Province of Syracuse] The Province of Syracuse (Italian: Provincia di Siracusa ; Sicilian: Pruvincia di Sarausa) is a province in the autonomous island region of Sicily in Italy. Its capital is the city of Syracuse, a town which was established by Greek colonists arriving from Corinth in the eighth century B.C. It has an area of 2,109 km2 and a total population of 403,985 (2016). Syracuse has 8% of the Sicilian population and 8.2% of Sicily's area.

[Wikipedia: Lady Harrington] Lady Harrington is a 1926 French silent film directed by Hewitt Claypoole Grantham-Hayes and Fred LeRoy Granville and starring Claude France, Maurice de Féraudy and Warwick Ward. It is based on a novel by Maurice Level.

[Wikipedia: Warburton, Punjab, Pakistan] Warburton is a mid-sized town in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is about 15 km north of Nankana Sahib and 30 km southeast of Sheikhupura. The town was named by or after John Paul Warburton (1840-1919), a high ranking police officer of the Raj period. The Warburtons were a prominent Anglo-Indian family but John Paul was adopted, originally being called Jan Dad Khan (see http://www.royalark.net/Afghanistan/warburto.htm). His residence at that time was turned to a high school which is still functional. This area is surrounded by textile industries. There is a police station, a post office and a girl's college. The main business in Warburton is rice.

[Wikipedia: Bigger Than Both of Us] Bigger Than Both of Us is the fifth studio album by American pop duo Hall & Oates, released in August 1976. The album included the first of their six #1 singles on the "Billboard" Hot 100, "Rich Girl". Hall & Oates released a song titled "Bigger Than Both of Us" on their "Beauty on a Back Street" album one year later.

[Wikipedia: Christy Sutherland] Christy Sutherland (born April 9, 1976) is a Nashville country music and praise/worship singer-songwriter. Signed to Epic Records in 2004, she charted the single "Freedom" on the Hot Country Songs charts. She is married to Kenneth Matthew Dudney, son of Country music star, Barbara Mandrell. The two were wed on July 14, 2006 during a private ceremony at Mandrell's private home. Dudney currently works as tour and business manager for Sutherland.

[Wikipedia: 2016 Harvard Crimson football team] The 2016 Harvard Crimson football team represented Harvard University during the 2016 NCAA Division I FCS football season. They were led by 23rd year head coach Tim Murphy and played their home games at Harvard Stadium. They are a member of the Ivy League. They finished the season 7–3, 5–2 in Ivy League play to finish in third place.

[Wikipedia: Kinney National Company] Kinney National Services, Inc. (later, Kinney Services, Inc.) was an American conglomerate company from 1966 to 1972. Its successors were National Kinney Corporation and Warner Communications.

[Wikipedia: Katharine Schlesinger] Katharine Schlesinger, is a British actress niece of the film director John Schlesinger and great-niece of Dame Peggy Ashcroft. She starred as Catherine in the 1986 film adaptation of Jane Austen's "Northanger Abbey".

[Wikipedia: Hart Crane] Harold Hart Crane (July 21, 1899 – April 27, 1932) was an American poet. Finding both inspiration and provocation in the poetry of T. S. Eliot, Crane wrote modernist poetry that was difficult, highly stylized, and ambitious in its scope. In his most ambitious work, "The Bridge", Crane sought to write an epic poem, in the vein of "The Waste Land", that expressed a more optimistic view of modern, urban culture than the one that he found in Eliot's work. In the years following his suicide at the age of 32, Crane has been hailed by playwrights, poets, and literary critics alike (including Robert Lowell, Derek Walcott, Tennessee Williams, and Harold Bloom), as being one of the most influential poets of his generation.

[Wikipedia: Sanjalice] Sanjalice (Serbian Cyrillic: Сањалице, trans. "The Dreamers") was a former Yugoslav rock band from Belgrade, notable for being one of the first former Yugoslav all-female bands, as well as one of the pioneers of the former Yugoslav rock scene.

[Wikipedia: Spellbound (TVXQ album)] Spellbound, known as Surisuri (Hangul: 수리수리) in Korean, is the repackage of "Tense" (2014), the seventh Korean studio album by South Korean pop duo TVXQ. It was released on February 27, 2014 by S.M. Entertainment, almost two months after the original record. The repackage features three newly recorded songs, including the lead single "Spellbound". The repackage had two-day shipments of 61,405 copies and debuted at number two on the Gaon Albums Chart. It sold 110,566 physical units in 2014, becoming TVXQ's best-selling repackage album on the chart.

[Wikipedia: Niihau] Niʻ ihau ( ; Hawaiian: ] ) is the westernmost and seventh largest inhabited island in Hawaiʻ i. It is 17.5 mi southwest of Kauaʻ i across the Kaulakahi Channel. Its area is 69.5 sqmi . Several intermittent playa lakes provide wetland habitats for the Hawaiian coot, the black-winged stilt, and the Hawaiian duck. The island is designated as critical habitat for "Brighamia insignis", an endemic and endangered species of Hawaiian lobelioid. The United States Census Bureau defines Niʻ ihau and the neighboring island and State Seabird Sanctuary of Lehua as Census Tract 410 of Kauai County, Hawaii. Its 2000 census population was 160; Its 2010 census population was 170.

[Wikipedia: Edda Dell'Orso] Edda Dell'Orso (born Edda Sabatini, February 16, 1935) is an Italian singer, especially known for her collaboration with composer Ennio Morricone for which she provided wordless vocals to a large number of his film scores. Dell'Orso also provided vocals to film scores of other Italian composers such as Bruno Nicolai, Piero Piccioni, Luis Bacalov and Roberto Pregadio. She was born in Genoa.

[Wikipedia: GrocerKey] GrocerKey is a Madison, Wisconsin company, founded in 2015, that creates e-commerce software for grocery stores to sell products online at their in-store prices. Customers can choose to pick up their groceries in the store or have them delivered that day, as long as they order before a certain time. The company does not charge fees up front to build the e-commerce platform; instead, the company generates revenue by charging grocers a fee (ranging from less than 1% to 12% on each transaction conducted through the online store depending on the level of service provided by GrocerKey on behalf of the retailer.)

[Wikipedia: The Love Thrill] The Love Thrill is a lost 1927 silent film comedy directed by Millard Webb and starring Laura La Plante and Tom Moore. It was produced and distributed by Universal Pictures.

[Wikipedia: Black Squirrel Radio] Black Squirrel Radio (BSR) is an Internet radio station run by students of Kent State University, broadcasting exclusively online. Black Squirrel Radio is overseen by faculty from Kent State University's Journalism and Mass Communication program.

[Wikipedia: Esma Sultan (daughter of Abdülaziz)] Esma Sultan (21 March 1873 – 7 May 1899) was an Ottoman princess, the daughter of Sultan Abdülaziz and his wife Gevheri Kadın, herself the daughter of Salih Bey Svatnba. She was the half-sister of Abdülmecid II, the last Caliph of the Muslim world.

[Wikipedia: Biloxi, Mississippi] Biloxi ( ) is a city in Harrison County, Mississippi, United States. The 2010 United States Census recorded the population as 44,054, and in 2016 the estimated population was 45,975. Along with the adjoining city of Gulfport, Biloxi is a county seat of Harrison County.

[Wikipedia: Guaranty Trust Co. v. York] Guaranty Trust Co. v. York, 326 U.S. 99 (1945), was a United States Supreme Court case that described how federal courts were to follow state law. Justice Frankfurter delivered the majority opinion further refining the doctrine set forth in "Erie Railroad Co. v. Tompkins".

[Wikipedia: Kendall (surname)] The surname Kendall or Kendal (also spelt Kendell, Kendoll, Kendel, Kendle, Kindell, Kindel, or Kindle) has two widely accepted origins. The first is from the market town of Kendal in Cumbria. The earliest recorded form of this town's name is in 1095 as "Kircabikendala", literally "Church by Kent dale". The second is as an anglicization of Middle Welsh "Kyndelw" (modern Welsh "Cynddelw"), a given name, as in Cynddelw Brydydd Mawr (Kyndelw Brydyt Maur).

[Wikipedia: Huma Abedin] Huma Mahmood Abedin (born July 28, 1976) is an American political staffer who was vice chair of Hillary Clinton's 2016 campaign for President of the United States. Prior to that, Abedin was deputy chief of staff to Clinton, who was U.S. Secretary of State, from 2009 to 2013. She was also the traveling chief of staff and former assistant for Clinton during Clinton's campaign for the Democratic nomination in the 2008 presidential election.

[Wikipedia: Jeff Tremaine] Jeffery James Tremaine (born September 4, 1966) is an American film director, film producer, television director, and television producer. He is most closely associated with the "Jackass" franchise, having been involved since the inception of the first TV show.

[Wikipedia: Dark Tower (game)] Dark Tower is a 1981 electronic board game by Milton Bradley Company, for one to four players. The object of the game is to amass an army, collect the three keys to the Tower, and defeat the evil within. The game came out during the height of the role-playing game craze in the early 1980s. Advertising for the game included a television commercial featuring Orson Welles.

[Wikipedia: Reliance Cricket Stadium] Reliance Cricket Stadium is cricket stadium in Nagothane, Maharashtra. Previously, the stadium was known as Indian Petrochemicals Corporation Limited Ground. The ground owned by Reliance Industries.

[Wikipedia: Billy Corgan] William Patrick "Billy" Corgan Jr. (born March 17, 1967) is an American musician, songwriter, producer, poet, and entrepreneur. He is best known as the lead singer, primary songwriter, guitarist, and sole permanent member of The Smashing Pumpkins. Formed by Corgan and guitarist James Iha in Chicago, Illinois, in 1988, the band quickly gained steam with the addition of bassist D'arcy Wretzky and drummer Jimmy Chamberlin. Strong album sales and large-scale tours propelled the band's increasing fame in the 1990s until their break-up in 2000. Corgan started a new band called Zwan, and after their quick demise, he released a solo album ("TheFutureEmbrace") and a collection of poetry ("Blinking with Fists") before setting his sights on reforming Smashing Pumpkins.

[Wikipedia: La Dori] La Dori, overo Lo schiavo reggio (Doris, or The Royal Slave) is a tragi-comic opera in a prologue and three acts composed by Antonio Cesti to a libretto by Giovanni Filippo Apolloni. It was first performed in the court theatre at Innsbruck in 1657. The story is set in Babylon on the shores of the Euphrates and is a convoluted tale of mistaken identities—a female protagonist who disguised as a man eventually regains her lost lover, and a man disguised as a woman who causes another man to fall in love with him. In several respects it resembles the plot of Cesti and Apolloni's earlier opera "L'Argia" and foreshadows Apostolo Zeno's libretto for "Gli inganni felici" (1695) and Metastasio's libretto for "L'Olimpiade" (1733). The first Italian staging of "La Dori" was in Florence in 1661 for the wedding of Cosimo III de' Medici, Grand Duke of Tuscany. It subsequently became one of the most popular operas in 17th-century Italy. The opera was revived three times in the 20th century, beginning in 1983.

[Wikipedia: Hysterical Blindness (film)] Hysterical Blindness is a TV movie made for HBO, directed by Mira Nair and starring Gena Rowlands, Uma Thurman, Juliette Lewis and Ben Gazzara. The movie premiered on HBO on August 21, 2002 to good reviews. In 2003, Uma Thurman won a Golden Globe Award for her portrayal of Debby Miller. Ben Gazzara and Gena Rowlands also won Best Supporting Actor/Actress awards for their performances as Virginia Miller and Nick Piccolo at the 2003 Emmy Awards.

[Wikipedia: Withlacoochee River (Suwannee River)] The Withlacoochee River originates in Georgia, northwest of Nashville, Georgia. It flows south through Berrien County where it joins the New River and forms part of the boundary between Berrien and Cook counties. It then flows south into Lowndes County, Georgia. At Troupville, Georgia the Little River joins the Withlacoochee River flows continues to flow south and forms part of the boundary between Lowndes and Brooks counties in Georgia. The river then flows into Florida for 1.34 miles Florida before returning into Georgia for an additional 2.44 miles. It then returns to Florida, forming the northeast boundary of Madison County, Florida and the western boundary of Hamilton County, Florida and eventually merges with the Suwannee at Suwannee River State Park west of Live Oak. The river is 115 mi long. It is believed to be the source for the name of the central Florida river of the same name.

[Wikipedia: Moonlight Waltz Tour 2011] Moonlight Waltz Tour 2011 is a live CD and DVD from the Italian gothic metal band Theatres des Vampires. It is the first all-in-one live CD and DVD release from the band, though Theatres des Vampires have released one live CD (Desire of Damnation) and one live DVD (The Addiction Tour 2006), separately. In addition to the live tracks, the CD contains three new studio songs from The Cult of Lamia soundtrack. The limited edition package also includes a 40-page book.

[Wikipedia: Gloaming (horse)] Gloaming (foaled September 1915 in Australia) was an outstanding Thoroughbred racehorse, owned, trained, and based in New Zealand. He set many records which includes the Australasian record (jointly held with Desert Gold and Black Caviar) of 19 successive wins, many in Principal Races. Gloaming was unusual that he was a champion who won many major races in both Australia and New Zealand. Gloaming still holds the Australasian record of 45 seconds for four furlongs.

[Wikipedia: Nelumbo nucifera] Nelumbo nucifera, also known as Indian lotus, sacred lotus, bean of India, Egyptian bean or simply lotus, is one of two extant species of aquatic plant in the family Nelumbonaceae. The Linnaean binomial "Nelumbo nucifera" (Gaertn.) is the currently recognized name for this species, which has been classified under the former names, "Nelumbium speciosum" (Willd.) and "Nymphaea nelumbo", among others. (These names are obsolete synonyms and should be avoided in current works.) This plant is an aquatic perennial. Under favorable circumstances its seeds may remain viable for many years, with the oldest recorded lotus germination being from that of seeds 1,300 years old recovered from a dry lakebed in northeastern China.

[Wikipedia: Chronicle (film)] Chronicle is a 2012 American found footage science-fiction thriller film directed by Josh Trank and written by Max Landis based on a story by both. It follows three Seattle high school seniors, bullied Andrew (Dane DeHaan), his cousin Matt (Alex Russell) and more popular Steve (Michael B. Jordan), who form a bond after gaining telekinetic powers from an unknown object. They first use their abilities for mischief and personal gain until Andrew turns to darker purposes.

[Wikipedia: County Armagh] County Armagh (named after its county town, Armagh) is one of six counties that form Northern Ireland. Adjoined to the southern shore of Lough Neagh, the county covers an area of 1,326 km² and has a population of about 174,792. County Armagh is known as the "Orchard County" because of its many apple orchards. It is also one of the thirty-two traditional counties of Ireland, as well as part of the historic province of Ulster.

[Wikipedia: Whitesnake] Whitesnake are a rock band formed in England in 1978 by David Coverdale, after his departure from his previous band Deep Purple. Their early material has been compared by critics to the blues rock of Deep Purple, but they slowly began moving toward a more commercially accessible rock style. By the turn of the decade, the band's commercial fortunes changed and they released a string of UK top 10 albums, "Ready an' Willing" (1980), "Come an' Get It" (1981), "Saints & Sinners" (1982) and "Slide It In" (1984), the last of which was their first to chart in the US and is certified 2x platinum.

[Wikipedia: Zea (plant)] Zea is a genus of plants in the grass family. The best-known species is "Z. mays", variously called maize, corn, or Indian corn, one of the most important crops for human societies over much of the world. Several wild species are commonly known as teosintes and are native to Mesoamerica.

[Wikipedia: Detlef Schrempf] Detlef Schrempf (born January 21, 1963) is a German-American retired professional basketball player. He played college basketball for the Washington Huskies from 1981 to 1985, and was drafted into the National Basketball Association (NBA) by the Dallas Mavericks in the first round of the 1985 NBA draft, with the eighth overall pick. He was an All-NBA Third Team member in 1995, a three-time NBA All-Star and the NBA Sixth Man of the Year twice.

[Wikipedia: Pardon Mon Affaire] Pardon Mon Affaire (French: Un éléphant ça trompe énormément , English: "An Elephant Can Be Extremely Deceptive" ) is a 1976 French comedy film co-written and directed by Yves Robert. It was remade as the 1984 American film "The Woman in Red".

[Wikipedia: Golden Globe Award for Best Original Score] The Golden Globe Award for Best Original Score is one of several categories presented by the Hollywood Foreign Press Association (HFPA), an organization of journalists who cover the United States film industry, but are affiliated with publications outside North America, since its institution in 1947. Since the 5th Golden Globe Awards (1947), the award is presented annually, except from 1953 to 1958. The nominations from 1947 and 1948 are not available. The first Golden Globe Award for Best Original Score went to Max Steiner for his compositional work on "Life with Father".

[Wikipedia: Ivan Toplak] Ivan Toplak (Serbian Cyrillic: Ивaн Toплaк; born September 21, 1931 in Belgrade) is a former Yugoslavian football player and manager. He earned 1 cap for Yugoslavia. He started his career at Branik in Maribor, where his family moved in 1943 from Belgrade.

[Wikipedia: James Vowles] James P. Vowles, born 1979 in Felbridge, is a British motorsport engineer, currently working in Formula One with the Mercedes team as their Chief Strategist.

[Wikipedia: Pizza 73] Pizza 73 is a Canadian restaurant chain that offers a number of different styles of pizza, along with chicken wings. It has been operated by Pizza Pizza since 2007. Toronto-based Pizza Pizza had acquired the restaurant for a total of $CAN70.2 million. There are 89 locations throughout Western Canada, which include the provinces of British Columbia, Alberta, and Saskatchewan. The restaurant's name originates from its original phone number: 473–7373. Founded by David Tougas and Guy Goodwin in 1985, Pizza 73 is headquartered in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.

[Wikipedia: Big Bone, Kentucky] Big Bone is an unincorporated community in southern Boone County, Kentucky, United States. It is bounded on the west by the Ohio River, and Rabbit Hash, on the south by Big Bone Creek, which empties into the river at Big Bone Landing. The northern extent is along Hathaway Road, and the eastern portion extends not further than U.S. 42, and is approached from that direction by Beaver Road (Route 338) coming from either Richwood or Walton. Big Bone took its name from a nearby prehistoric mineral lick of the same name. Geographical features of interest include the now disappeared Big Bone Island and the Palisades of Big Bone Creek.

[Wikipedia: David and Jonathan (film)] David and Jonathan is a 1920 British silent adventure film directed by Alexander Butler and starring Madge Titheradge, Geoffrey Webb and Dick Ryan. It was based on a novel by E. Temple Thurston. It was made at Universal City in California. Two men, David and Jonathan, are shipwrecked on a desert island together with a girl they are both in love with.

[Wikipedia: Canada's grand railway hotels] Canada’s railway hotels are a series of five-star grand hotels across the country, each a local and national landmark, and most of which are icons of Canadian history and architecture. Each hotel was originally built by the Canadian railway companies, or the railways acted as a catalyst for the hotel’s construction. The hotels were designed to serve the passengers of the country's then expanding rail network and they celebrated rail travel in style.

[Wikipedia: The Feminine Touch (1956 film)] The Feminine Touch is a 1956 British drama film directed by Pat Jackson and starring George Baker, Belinda Lee and Delphi Lawrence. The film is based on the bestselling novel "A Lamp Is Heavy" by Canadian former nurse Sheila Mackay Russell, and consequently it was released as A Lamp Is Heavy in Canada, while it was given the title The Gentle Touch in the United States, when it was released there in December 1957.

[Wikipedia: Amadeus] Amadeus is a play by Peter Shaffer, which gives a highly fictionalized account of the lives of the composers Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart and Antonio Salieri. First performed in 1979, "Amadeus" was inspired by a short 1830 play by Alexander Pushkin called "Mozart and Salieri" (which was also used as the libretto for an opera of the same name by Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov in 1897).

[Wikipedia: Cucurbita pedatifolia] Cucurbita pedatifolia is a xerophyte plant species of the genus "Cucurbita". It is native to Querétaro, Mexico. It has not been domesticated. While "C. pedatifolia" has been cross bred, results have met with limited success. It does not cross well with other species of "Cucurbita". It is a close relative of "Cucurbita radicans". Geographic location and genetics make it highly likely that "Cucurbita scabridifolia" is a naturally occurring hybrid of "Cucurbita foetidissima" and "C. pedatifolia". It also has some mesophyte traits may represent a transitional state between the mesophytic "Cucurbita" and the mesophytic "Cucurbita".

[Wikipedia: Capital punishment in Australia] Capital punishment in Australia has been abolished in all jurisdictions. Queensland abolished the death penalty in 1922. Tasmania did the same in 1968, the federal government abolished the death penalty in 1973, with application also in the Australian Capital Territory and the Northern Territory. Victoria did so in 1975, South Australia in 1976, and Western Australia in 1984. New South Wales abolished the death penalty for murder in 1955, and for all crimes in 1985. In 2010, the federal government passed legislation prohibiting the re-establishment of capital punishment by any state or territory. Neither the Commonwealth nor any of the states will extradite or deport a prisoner to another jurisdiction if they will face the death penalty, and police co-operation with other countries which have the death penalty has been questioned.

[Wikipedia: August Hirt] August Hirt (28 April 1898 – 2 June 1945) was an anatomist with Swiss and German nationality who served as a chairman at the Reich University in Strasbourg during World War II. He performed experiments with mustard gas on inmates at the Natzweiler-Struthof concentration camp and played a lead role in the murders of 86 people at Natzweiler-Struthof for the Jewish skeleton collection. The skeletons of his victims were meant to become specimens at the Institute of anatomy in Strasbourg, but completion of the project was stopped by the progress of the war. He was an SS-Hauptsturmführer (captain) and in 1944, an SS-Sturmbannführer (major).

[Wikipedia: David A. Wright] David A. Wright is an American businessman, politician, and energy policy advisor. In May 2017, he was nominated by President Donald Trump to become a member of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission for the remainder of a five-year term expiring on June 30, 2020.

[Wikipedia: El Presidente (band)] El Presidente (also written El Pres!dente) was a pop rock band from Glasgow, Scotland. Formed in 2002 by Gun member Dante Gizzi, the band gained major exposure with slots at T in the Park 2005, V Festival 2005 and again at T in the Park in 2006. The band have also supported Oasis, Duran Duran, Simple Minds and Kasabian on major tours of the UK.

[Wikipedia: The Rats (American band)] The Rats were an American garage punk band from Portland, Oregon, formed by Fred Cole previously of the garage rock band, The Lollipop Shoppe. Cole played guitar and sang, his wife, "Toody" played bass and sang, and initially Rod Rat played drums. Their sound was a raw mix of punk rock with occasional country touches. Their self-titled debut album appeared on Cole's Whizeagle label in 1980. Soon after, Rod Rat left the band, though he guested on the 1981 follow-up "Intermittent Signals" before his death by suicide. (Prior to his suicide Rod Rat (aka Rod Hibbert) also played drums in 1980-81 for Portland power pop band Domino Theory). Sam Henry, formerly of the Wipers, played drums on this LP but left to join another Portland band, Napalm Beach. Louis Samora was on the drum throne for the 1983 album "In a Desperate Red", still on Whizeagle. Samora left in 1984 to concentrate on his rockabilly band, The Jackals. The band broke up, but Bill Barker of Profile Studios in Vancouver, British Columbia convinced the band to reunite for a single. It appeared under the band name The Desperate Edge later in 1984. Soon after, Cole assembled a country band, Western Front, and he and Toody later reunited in Dead Moon. The Rats' records have long been out of print and sell for high prices on eBay. In 2008, Portland's Mississippi Records reissued the first album on vinyl.

[Wikipedia: Battle of the Ch'ongch'on River] The Battle of the Ch'ongch'on River, also known as the Battle of the Ch'ongch'on () or the Second Phase Campaign Western Sector (), was a decisive battle in the Korean War, and it took place from November 25 to December 2, 1950, along the Ch'ongch'on River Valley in the northwestern part of North Korea. In response to the successful Chinese First Phase Campaign against the United Nations forces, General Douglas MacArthur launched the Home-by-Christmas Offensive to evict the Chinese forces from Korea and to end the war. Anticipating this reaction, the Chinese People's Volunteer Army Commander Peng Dehuai planned a counteroffensive, dubbed the "Second Phase Campaign", against the advancing UN forces.

[Wikipedia: Tomichi Dome] Tomichi Dome rises north of Colorado State Highway 50 west of Hot Springs Creek and south of Wanita Hot Springs Reservoir in the southeast quarter of Gunnison County, Colorado. It is situated within the Gunnison National Forest and is of a geologic formation called a "laccolith". Laccolith formations are caused by igneous activity otherwise known as melting within the earth. Other laccoliths of the Gunnison Country are Mount Crested Butte, Gothic Mountain, Whetstone Mountain, Mount Axtel, Anthracite Range, Round Mountain, Carbon Peak, Beckwith Mountain, Marcellina Mountain and Mount Gunnison.

[Wikipedia: Martina McBride discography] The discography of American country artist Martina McBride consists of thirteen studio albums, one live album, four compilation albums, two video albums, three additional albums, forty five music videos, fifty one singles, sixteen other charting songs, and forty five album appearances. In 1991, she signed a recording contract with RCA Records, launching her debut studio album "The Time Has Come" in 1992. In September 1993, her second studio album "The Way That I Am" was issued. Its lead single "My Baby Loves Me" reached number two on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart, becoming her breakthrough hit. The third single "Independence Day" peaked in the top twenty and became McBride's signature song. The song's success elevated sales of "The Way That I Am" to platinum status from the Recording Industry Association of America. "Wild Angels" was released in September 1995 and reached number seventeen on the "Billboard" Top Country Albums chart. The album's title track became McBride's first song to top the Hot Country Songs list. McBride's fourth studio album "Evolution" was released in August 1997 and is her best-selling album to date, certifying three times platinum in the United States. The album spawned six singles which all became major hits including, "A Broken Wing", "Wrong Again", and "Whatever You Say". After releasing a holiday album, McBride's fifth studio album "Emotion" was issued in September 1999. The lead single "I Love You" topped the Hot Country Songs list, while also reaching minor positions on the Adult Contemporary and "Billboard" Hot 100 charts.

[Wikipedia: Sima Bina] Sima Bina (Persian: Simā Binā‎ ‎ ) (born January 4, 1945 in Birjand, Iran) is notable Persian classical musician, an Iranian composer, researcher, painter and teacher, described by Radio WDR Germany as the „grand lady of iranian folk music“, a leading Iranian classical singer and songwriter. A lifetime of dedicated work on Persian folk music has made Master Sima Bina a legendary character in the history of Iranian music

[Wikipedia: Heart and Greed] Heart and Greed () is an upcoming 2017 drama produced by TVB and Tencent Penguin Pictures. It is the third installment of the Heart of Greed series following Moonlight Resonance. It stars Louise Lee, Ha Yu, Michelle Yim, Susanna Kwan, Bosco Wong, Vincent Wong, Sharon Chan, Eliza Sam, Louis Yuen, Priscilla Wong, Michael Tong, Nora Miao and Joseph Lee.

[Wikipedia: Dudley Park, South Australia] Dudley Park, is a suburb of Adelaide, South Australia, located approximately 3 kilometres north-west of the CBD. The suburb is bordered by Regency Road (north), Simpson Avenue (south), the Adelaide-Gawler railway line (east), and a line directly north-south from the Harrison Road-Simpson Avenue intersection to Regency Road (west).

[Wikipedia: Demon Thief] Demon Thief is a book in Darren Shan's "Demonata" series. Though it is the second book in the series, it is a prequel to "Lord Loss", the first book in the series. The protagonist is also different from that of the first book. The narrator here is a new character called Kernel Fleck, as opposed to Grubbs Grady, the protagonist of the first book. Demon Thief takes place about thirty years before "Lord Loss" so most of the characters from the first book did not appear, though a few did. It was also actually the sixth book of the Demonata to be written, although it was the second released.

[Wikipedia: Lanphier Park] Lanphier Park is a stadium in Springfield, Illinois. It is primarily used for baseball. It originally opened in 1928 and was renovated in 1977. It holds 5,000 people. The facility's full name is Robin Roberts Stadium at Lanphier Park. Roberts (1926–2010), a Hall-of-Fame pitcher and a graduate of Lanphier High School, was Springfield's most accomplished ballplayer.

[Wikipedia: 2014 FIBA Basketball World Cup Group A] Group A of the 2014 FIBA Basketball World Cup was the group stage of the 2014 FIBA Basketball World Cup for Spain , Serbia , France , Brazil , Egypt and Iran . Each team played each other once, for a total of five games per team, with all games played at Palacio Municipal de Deportes de Granada, Granada. After all of the games were played, the four teams with the best records qualified for the final round.

[Wikipedia: 2015 Malaysian Open – Doubles] Tímea Babos and Chan Hao-ching were the defending champions, but Chan chose not to participate this year. Babos chose to play in Monterrey, but lost in the first round.

[Wikipedia: Cain and Abel (TV series)] Cain and Abel () is a 2009 South Korean television series starring So Ji-sub, Shin Hyun-joon, Han Ji-min, and Chae Jung-an. It aired on SBS from February 18 to April 23, 2009 on Wednesdays and Thursdays at 21:55 for 20 episodes.

[Wikipedia: 1993 San Jose State Spartans football team] The 1993 San Jose State Spartans football team represented San Jose State University during the 1993 NCAA Division I-A football season as a member of the Big West Conference. The team was led by head coach John Ralston, in his first year as head coach at San Jose State. They played their home games at Spartan Stadium in San Jose, California. The Spartans finished the 1993 season with a record of two wins and nine losses (2–9, 2–4 Big West).

[Wikipedia: Texas Monthly] Texas Monthly is a monthly American magazine headquartered in Downtown Austin, Texas. "Texas Monthly" was founded in 1973 by Michael R. Levy and has been published by Emmis Publishing, L.P. since 1998 and now owned by Genesis Park, LP. "Texas Monthly" chronicles life in contemporary Texas, writing on politics, the environment, industry, and education. The magazine also covers leisure topics such as music, art, dining, and travel. It is a member of the City and Regional Magazine Association (CRMA).

[Wikipedia: Mir Qasim] Mir Qasim (also spelt Mir Kasim; full name: Mir Kasim Ali Khan) (died May 8, 1777) was the Nawab of Bengal from 1760 to 1763. He was installed as Nawab with the support of the British East India Company, replacing Mir Jafar, his father-in-law, who had himself been supported earlier by the East India Company after his role in the Battle of Plassey. However, Mir Jafar was in conflict with the East India company over too many demands and tried to tie up with the Dutch East India Company. The British eventually overran the Dutch forces at Chinsura and played a major role in replacing Mir Jafar with Mir Qasim. Qasim later fell out with the British and fought them at the Battle of Buxar. His defeat has been suggested as the last real chance of preventing a gradual British expansion in large parts of North East India following Britain's victory in the Seven Years War.

[Wikipedia: Cruella de Vil] Cruella de Vil (spelled de Vil in the novel, spelled De Vil by Disney) is a character who appeared in Dodie Smith's 1956 novel "The Hundred and One Dalmatians", Disney's animated film adaptations "101 Dalmatians" and "", and Disney's live-action film adaptations "101 Dalmatians" and "102 Dalmatians" as the main antagonist.

[Wikipedia: Shane Stanley] Shane Stanley (born June 15, 1971 in Los Angeles) is a multi-Emmy Award-winning filmmaker and founder of Visual Arts Entertainment, a film and television production company based in Los Angeles. Best known for executive producing "Gridiron Gang" starring Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson for Sony Pictures and directing Bret Michaels music videos supporting the hit show "Rock of Love". Stanley, a four-time nominee, was the youngest to ever win a production Emmy Award, winning his first at sixteen and his second at nineteen for his work on The Desperate Passage Series. Stanley made his directorial debut helming his own screenplay "A Sight for Sore Eyes" which starred Academy Award nominee Gary Busey. Besides being honored with dozens of prestigious awards and film festival honors, the film was invited to screen at the Cannes Film Festival in 2005 and won Best Drama at the International Family Film Festival in 2006.

[Wikipedia: If You Ever Get Lonely] "If You Ever Get Lonely" is a song written by Kyle Cook, Lisa Drew, Michael Dulaney, Steven Dale Jones and John Waite. It was originally recorded by Waite on his 2011 album "Rough & Tumble" and released as the album's first single. It was covered by American country music duo Love and Theft on their second studio album, "Love and Theft", in 2012 and released as the album's third single in June 2013.

[Wikipedia: Bonk (album)] Bonk is the debut studio album by Australian rock band Big Pig. It was released in March 1988 on White Label Records. The album went gold, then platinum in Australia with three top-twenty singles ("Hungry Town", "Breakaway" and "Big Hotel"). The album was released in America by A&M Records in 1988, and the music video for "Breakaway" was played on MTV. "Breakaway" was featured on the "Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventure" soundtrack and "Hungry Town" on the "Young Einstein" soundtrack. "Breakaway" and "Money God" were used in the "Miami Vice" TV series in the 1980s. "Breakaway" was also featured in Season 1, Episode 4 of "Glitch (TV series)".

[Wikipedia: Richard Hawley] Richard Willis Hawley (born 17 January 1967) is an English guitarist, singer-songwriter and producer. After his first band Treebound Story (formed while he was still at school) broke up, Hawley found success as a member of Britpop band Longpigs in the 1990s. After that group broke up in 2000, he later joined the band Pulp, led by his friend Jarvis Cocker, for a short time. As a solo musician, Hawley has released seven studio albums. He has been nominated for a Mercury prize twice and once for a Brit Award. He has collaborated with Lisa Marie Presley, Arctic Monkeys, Manic Street Preachers and Paul Weller.

[Wikipedia: 1988–89 FC Bayern Munich season] The 1988–89 FC Bayern Munich season was the 89th season in the club's history and 24th season since promotion from Regionalliga Süd in 1965. Bayern won its 10th Bundesliga Title. This title was the 4th title in 5 seasons. The club reached the third round of the DFB-Pokal and the semifinals of the UEFA Cup. Several changes were made to the roster with eight players leaving via transfer or loan, including Lothar Matthäus, Andreas Brehme and Jean-Marie Pfaff. Six new players joined the club, including Olaf Thon, Stefan Reuter, Roland Grahammer, and Johnny Ekström.

[Wikipedia: Zhone Technologies] Zhone Technologies, Inc. is a provider of telecommunications networking equipment founded in 1999. It is headquartered in Oakland, California. Zhone is certified in the manufacture and service of telecommunications equipment.

[Wikipedia: Mickey Michaux] Henry McKinley "Mickey" Michaux Jr. (born September 4, 1930) is a Democratic member of the North Carolina General Assembly representing the state's thirty-first House district since 1983. He previously served from 1973 through 1977. His district includes constituents in Durham County. s of 2014 , Michaux is the longest-serving member of the North Carolina General Assembly. In the 2007-2008 session, Michaux served as senior chairman of the House Appropriations Committee and chairman of the House Select Committee on Street Gang Prevention.

[Wikipedia: Neva Carr Glyn] Neva Carr Glyn or Neva Carr Glynn (born Neva Josephine Mary Carr Glyn, 10 May 1908 – 10 August 1975) was an Australian contralto and actress born in Melbourne to Arthur Benjamin Carr Glyn (died 16 January 1923), a humorous baritone and stage manager born in Ireland, and Marie Carr Glyn (late Mola), née Marie Dunoon Senior (10 June 1874 – 24 December 1953), an actress with the stage name "Marie Avis". She had one half-sister Gwendoline Arnold O'Neill and two half-brothers Sacheverill Arnold Mola and Rupert Arnold Mola. She was named "Neva" for a great-aunt, who was a contralto of some quality. Both spellings of her surname appear in print roughly equally and apparently arbitrarily.

[Wikipedia: Children of the Red King] Children of the Red King is a series of eight children fantasy school and adventure novels written by British author Jenny Nimmo, first published by Egmont 2002 to 2009. It is sometimes called "the "Charlie Bone" series" after its main character. A series of five books was announced in advance, completed in 2006, and sometimes the books were called the "Red King Quintet" until its continuation.

[Wikipedia: Sinema (album)] Sinema (often typeset as SINema) is the eighth studio album by the Dutch punk rock band the Heideroosjes. "Damclub Hooligan" was released as a single.

[Wikipedia: Rockefeller family] The Rockefeller family ( ) is an American industrial, political, and banking family that made one of the world's largest fortunes in the oil business during the late 19th and early 20th centuries, with John D. Rockefeller and his brother William Rockefeller primarily through Standard Oil. The family is also known for its long association with and control of Chase Manhattan Bank. They are considered to be one of the most powerful families, if not the most powerful family, in the history of the United States.

[Wikipedia: We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together] "We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together" is a song recorded by American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift for her fourth studio album, "Red" (2012). Swift co-wrote the song with its producers, Max Martin and Shellback. The song was released as the lead single from "Red" on August 13, 2012, by Big Machine Records. Its lyrics depict Swift's frustrations at an ex-lover who wants to re-kindle their relationship. "Rolling Stone" magazine named the song the second best song of 2012 while it took the fourth spot in "Time"' s end-of-year poll. It has received a Grammy Award nomination for Record of the Year. It also received a People's Choice Awards nomination for Favorite Song of the Year.

[Wikipedia: Grand Central Art Galleries] The Grand Central Art Galleries were the exhibition and administrative space of the nonprofit Painters and Sculptors Gallery Association, an artists' cooperative established in 1922 by Walter Leighton Clark together with John Singer Sargent, Edmund Greacen, and others. Artists closely associated with the Grand Central Art Galleries included Hovsep Pushman, George de Forest Brush, and especially Sargent, whose posthumous show took place there in 1928.

[Wikipedia: Time Sharing (novel)] Time Sharing is a 1986 novel by Richard Krawiec, published by Viking Press. Taking place in Philadelphia, its main characters are Artie, a purse-snatcher, and Jolene, a single mother. Artie hopes that by pretending to befriend Jolene he can profit from her. Jolene tries to see good in Artie and hopes he can act as a father for her son, Dandy. In time, Artie genuinely cares for Jolene. The novel ends moments after Artie accidentally shoots a cashier in a holdup. As he waits to be apprehended, Artie feels no remorse for shooting the cashier, but he grieves over the impending loss of his relationship with Jolene.

[Wikipedia: Spider-Man: The New Animated Series] Spider-Man: The New Animated Series (also known as MTV Spider-Man) is an American-Canadian animated television series based on the Marvel comic book superhero character Spider-Man. The series is a loose continuation of 2002's "Spider-Man" film directed by Sam Raimi, completely ignoring the events of "Spider-Man 2" and "Spider-Man 3". The show was made using computer generated imagery (CGI) rendered in cel shading. It ran for only one season of 13 episodes, premiering on July 11, 2003, and was broadcast on MTV and YTV. Eight months later after the series finale, episodes aired in reruns on ABC Family as part of the Jetix television programming block.

[Wikipedia: Quazedelic] Stanley Harris Jr. (born in Santa Ana, California, U.S.) is a music producer, rapper and singer in Los Angeles, California. He records under the stage name Quaze or Quazedelic. He received his big break into the music industry when rapper Snoop Dogg signed him to Doggystyle Records in 2001. He is most recognized for his funk music style production. His first major release with the Doggystyle Records crew was on the soundtrack of Undercover Brother, where he produced the single, Give Up the Funk. The song featured Snoop Dogg, Bootsy Collins, Fred Wesley, Kokane and Quazedelic. Later he went on to work with many other Hip-Hop and R&B artists like Angie Stone, Baby Bash, G-Unit, Dub C, Redman, Suga Free and Goldie Loc from the Eastsidaz.

[Wikipedia: List of Medal of Honor recipients for World War I] World War I (also known as the First World War and the Great War) was a global military conflict that embroiled most of the world's great powers, assembled in two opposing alliances: the Entente and the Central Powers. The immediate cause of the war was the June 28, 1914 assassination of Archduke Franz Ferdinand, heir to the Austro-Hungarian throne, by Gavrilo Princip, a Bosnian Serb citizen of Austria–Hungary and member of the Black Hand. The retaliation by Austria–Hungary against Serbia activated a series of alliances that set off a chain reaction of war declarations. Within a month, much of Europe was in a state of open warfare, resulting in the mobilization of more than 65 million European soldiers, and more than 40 million casualties—including approximately 20 million deaths by the end of the war.

[Wikipedia: Doyle's Cafe] Doyle's Cafe is a bar / restaurant located on Washington Street in the Jamaica Plain neighborhood of Boston, Massachusetts. Doyle's Cafe was established in 1882 and is located near the Samuel Adams Brewery. Its close proximity to the Samuel Adams Brewery affords Doyle's the unique opportunity to serve new or experimental Samuel Adams beers. It is also where Samuel Adams Boston Lager was first put on tap. Throughout its history, Doyle's has been known as a favorite watering hole for both local and national politicians. On St. Patrick's Day in 1988, Senator Ted Kennedy helped dedicate a new room at the location to his maternal grandfather, John F. Fitzgerald.

[Wikipedia: Richie Furay] Paul Richard "Richie" Furay (born May 9, 1944) is an American singer, songwriter, and Rock & Roll Hall of Fame member who is best known for forming the bands Buffalo Springfield with Stephen Stills, Neil Young, Bruce Palmer, and Dewey Martin, and Poco with Jim Messina, Rusty Young, George Grantham and Randy Meisner. His best known song (originally written during his tenure in Buffalo Springfield, but eventually performed by Poco, as well) was "Kind Woman", which he wrote for his wife, Nancy.

[Wikipedia: Warrior Marks] Warrior Marks: Female Genital Mutilation and the Sexual Blinding of Women is a 1993 book by Alice Walker with Pratibha Parmar, who made an award-winning documentary of the same name. Following on from her 1992 novel "Possessing the Secret of Joy", Walker undertakes a journey to parts of Africa where clitoridectomy is still practised. "Warrior Marks" is a harrowing work as Walker interviews women who have had the operation done and finally interviews a woman—circumcised herself—who performs the operation.

[Wikipedia: Mountain Valley High School] Mountain Valley High School is a public high school in Rumford, Maine, serving the towns of Rumford and nearby Mexico. It was formed in 1989 as a result of the merger of the towns' high schools. During the 2007–08 school year, MVHS had 589 enrolled students, 64 faculty and 147 students in the graduating class. The school is accredited through the New England Association of Schools and Colleges.

[Wikipedia: The Janice Long Session EP] The Janice Long Session EP is an EP by Danielle Dax, an English experimental musician and former member of The Lemon Kittens. It is also known as the "BBC Sessions" and was recorded on 1 December 1985, and was first transmitted on 14 January 1986. The recording was later released in 1988 on the Strange Fruit Records label.

[Wikipedia: NASA Research and Engineering Network] The NASA Research and Engineering Network (NREN) is a nationwide Wide Area Network which connects selected NASA centers and peers with other high-performance network test-beds. It enables NASA scientists, engineers, and researchers to reach their partners within other federal agencies and academia.

[Wikipedia: Penncrest School District] Penncrest School District is a midsized public school district located primarily in Crawford County, in Northwest Pennsylvania, with a small portion of the district's service area in adjacent Venango County. The school district encompasses several rural townships and boroughs. Its administrative offices are located in Hayfield Township outside Saegertown, Pennsylvania. Penncrest School District encompasses approximately 400 square miles. According to 2000 federal census data it serves a resident population of 24,780 people. In 2009, the district residents' per capita income was $16,413, while the median family income was $42,566 a year. Per District officials, in school year 2007-08, the Penncrest School District provided basic educational services to 3,761 pupils through the employment of 300 teachers, 198 full-time and part-time support personnel, and 21 administrators. Penncrest School District received more than $27.2 million in state funding in school year 2007-08.

[Wikipedia: Florence and the Machine] Florence and the Machine (stylised as Florence + the Machine) are an English indie rock band that formed in London in 2007, consisting of lead singer Florence Welch, keyboardist Isabella Summers, and a collaboration of other artists. The band's music received praise across the media, especially from the BBC, which played a large part in their rise to prominence by promoting Florence and the Machine as part of "BBC Introducing". At the 2009 Brit Awards they received the Brit Awards "Critics' Choice" award. The band's music is renowned for its dramatic and eccentric production and also Welch's powerful vocal performances.

[Wikipedia: Bill Hay (radio announcer)] Bill Hay was an American radio announcer who was famous for his many years of work on the "Amos 'n' Andy" show with Charles J. Correll and Freeman F. Gosden. Gosden and Correll had a show similar to "Amos 'n' Andy" called "Sam 'n' Henry" at radio station WGN in Chicago, but after a dispute in 1927, they took the program's concept and WGN announcer Bill Hay across town to WMAQ. The "Amos 'n' Andy" team created the first syndicated radio show in history. The sponsor of "Amos 'n' Andy", Pepsodent, contractually stipulated that no one but Bill Hay was ever to announce their show.

[Wikipedia: Moneuptychia] Moneuptychia is a genus of satyrid butterflies found in the Neotropical realm.

[Wikipedia: University of St Andrews] The University of St Andrews (informally known as St Andrews University or simply St Andrews; abbreviated as St And, from the Latin "Sancti Andreae", in post-nominals) is a British public research university in St Andrews, Fife, Scotland. It is the oldest of the four ancient universities of Scotland and the third oldest university in the English-speaking world (following Oxford and Cambridge Universities). St Andrews was founded between 1410 and 1413, when the Avignon Antipope Benedict XIII issued a papal bull to a small founding group of Augustinian clergy.

[Wikipedia: Petit Manseng] Petit Manseng (sometimes translated: Small Manseng, rarely "Little Manseng") is a white wine grape variety that is grown primarily in South West France. It produces the highest quality wine of any grape in the Manseng family. The name is derived from its small, thick skin berries. Coupled with the small yields of the grapevine, most Petit Manseng farmers produce around 15 hl of wine per hectare. The grape is often left on the vine till December to produce a late harvest dessert wine. The grape is grown primarily in Gascony, Jurançon and Pacherenc du Vic-Bilh but has recently drawn interest in New World wine regions like California, North Georgia, Virginia, Ohio, and Australia. The reason is that it is expected to follow Viognier's path to popularity among white wine drinkers. It was already present in Uruguay, when Basque settlers brought "Manseng" and Tannat vines with them to their new home. Despite being easily recognizable as a white grape while true Manseng is a black grape, wine that is Petit Manseng is still normally labeled as just "Manseng". The grape is often left on the vine to produce a late harvest wine made from its nearly raisin like grapes.

[Wikipedia: František Hossa] František Hossa (born 13 September 1954) is a Slovak former ice hockey player and the current head coach of Spartak Moscow of the KHL. Both his sons, Marián and Marcel, are professional ice hockey players. As of 2002, he is also the assistant coach of the Slovakia men's national ice hockey team.

[Wikipedia: Organized crime in Minneapolis] Organized crime in Minneapolis first attracted national attention in 1903, when thug and mayor Doc Ames (1842-1911) was exposed by Lincoln Steffens in the book "The Shame of the Cities". Steffens's account and subsequent trials revealed a police department recruited from felons shaking down the Minneapolis underworld on the mayor's behalf. Ames later fled the state, spending a short period as a fugitive before being arrested and extradited to Minnesota. He was convicted of receiving a bribe and sentenced to six years in prison. His sentence was later appealed and overturned.

[Wikipedia: Speedpass] Speedpass is a keychain RFID device introduced in 1997 by Mobil Oil Corp. (which merged with Exxon to become ExxonMobil in 1999) for electronic payment. It was originally developed by Verifone. As of 2004, more than seven million people possess Speedpass tags, which can be used at approximately 10,000 Exxon, Mobil and Esso gas stations worldwide. At one point, Speedpass was deployed experimentally in fast-food restaurants and supermarkets in select markets. McDonald's alone deployed Speedpass in over 400 Chicago area restaurants. The test was deemed a failure and McDonald's removed the scanners from all their restaurants in mid-2004. Additionally, the New England grocery chain Stop & Shop tested Speedpass at their Boston area stores; the units were removed in early 2005. Speedpass has also been previously available through a Speedpass Car Tag and a Speedpass-enabled Timex watch.

[Wikipedia: Revolver (2005 film)] Revolver is a 2005 British-French crime thriller film co-written and directed by Guy Ritchie and starring Jason Statham, Ray Liotta, Vincent Pastore and André Benjamin. The film centres on a revenge-seeking confidence trickster whose weapon is a universal formula that guarantees victory to its user, when applied to any game or confidence trick.

[Wikipedia: Motor skill] Due to the immaturity of the human nervous system at the time of birth, children grow continually throughout their childhood years. Many factors contribute to the ability and the rate that children develop their motor skills. Uncontrollable factors include: genetic or inherited traits and children with learning disorders. A child born to short and overweight parents is much less likely to be an athlete than a child born to two athletically built parents. Controllable factors include: the environment/society and culture they are born to. A child born in the city is much less likely to have the same opportunities to explore, hike, or trek the outdoors than one born in the rural area. For a child to successfully develop motor skills, he or she must receive many opportunities to physically explore the surroundings.

[Wikipedia: Beale family] The Beales, together with the Fowlers, are a fictional family in the BBC soap opera "EastEnders". They were the main family for storylines in early "EastEnders" and remained as such for many years. Having appeared continuously from episode one, they are the show's longest serving family. In 2004 Peter Beale and Lucy Beale were recast to give them a more mature look. In 2007, there were few members of the Beale family left and no Fowlers, so the family were revamped. Peter was recast again. Ian Beale started a relationship with Jane Beale and Steven Beale also returned. By 2010, the number of Beales had fallen again. Lucy was recast and in 2013, Peter and Bobby were recast and Cindy Williams Jnr, the half-sister of Peter and Lucy, was reintroduced. In addition to this at the start of 2014 Bex Fowler returned to the serial with her mother Sonia Fowler, with Martin Fowler following 11 months later in December. In 2014 Lucy is found dead, causing her family and friends to struggle to come to terms with her death and the secrets she left behind, putting many people in the frame for her murder. It was revealed on 19 February 2015 that she was killed by her own little brother, Bobby. It was also revealed that Kathy Beale, who was presumed dead in 2006, was alive after having faked her death with her new husband in South Africa. In December 2016 Michelle Fowler returned to Albert Square after originally leaving in 1995, although now played by Jenna Russell. Members of the Beale family by blood currently in "EastEnders" include Ian, Michelle, Martin, Bex and Louie. Additionally, several others may be considered Beales through marriage; Jane, Kathy, Sonia and Stacey Fowler are among these. Also, Whitney Dean was adopted by Bianca Butcher, who is a member of the Beale family. Lily Fowler and Arthur Fowler have both taken Martin's surname and have him as their stepfather.

[Wikipedia: Be Our Guest] "Be Our Guest" is a song written by lyricist Howard Ashman and composer Alan Menken for Walt Disney Pictures' 30th animated feature film "Beauty and the Beast" (1991). Recorded by American actor Jerry Orbach and English actress Angela Lansbury as Lumiere and Mrs. Potts, respectively, "Be Our Guest" is a large-scale Broadway-inspired musical number that takes place during the first half of "Beauty and the Beast", performed by the castle's staff of enchanted objects in an elaborate attempt to welcome Belle. Menken initially intended for the melody of "Be Our Guest" to be temporary but was ultimately unable to compose a satisfying one with which to replace it. The song had originally been intended for Belle's father Maurice. However, "Be Our Guest" had to be entirely re-written as the story evolved in order to return its focus to Belle.

[Wikipedia: Dave Malloy] Dave Malloy (born January 4, 1976) is an American composer, who has created several theatre works, often based on classic works of literature. They include his award winning electropop opera "Natasha, Pierre & The Great Comet of 1812" and his chamber musical "Ghost Quartet". Malloy is a three-time Tony Award nominee.

[Wikipedia: UFC Fight Pass] UFC Fight Pass is a subscription-based video streaming service owned by the Ultimate Fighting Championship. The UFC Fight Pass consists of both a 24-hour linear streaming channel and on-demand programming from UFC's library. UFC on-demand content launched for Xbox 360 on December 20, 2011. Subscribers are able to view pay-per-view events in high definition, connect with friends to predict fight results, and have the ability to compare fighter statistics and records. The UFC Fight Pass application was also planned for PlayStation 4 in early 2015.

[Wikipedia: Dave Gahan discography] The discography of Dave Gahan, an English alternative music singer, consists of two studio albums, two live albums, one compilation album, six singles, and one video album. Gahan debuted in 1980 as lead singer of the electronic music band Depeche Mode (see Depeche Mode discography). The group achieved worldwide success, producing fourteen top ten singles in the United Kingdom and selling over 100 million records worldwide.

[Wikipedia: Crazy Eyes (character)] Suzanne "Crazy Eyes" Warren is a fictional character played by Uzo Aduba on the Netflix series "Orange Is the New Black". Warren is portrayed as intelligent, but lacking in social skills, and prone to spiral into emotional outbursts when agitated. The character is the only role that has received Emmy Award recognition both in the comedy and drama genres from the same show and only the second character to earn Emmy recognition in both genres. Aduba won the Emmy Award for Outstanding Guest Actress in a Comedy Series as well as the Critics' Choice Television Award for Best Guest Performer in a Comedy Series for her season one performance. She received the Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Drama Series as well as the Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Comedy Series for her season two performance. Her season three performance again won Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Comedy Series. She is a recurring character in season one and a regular character beginning with season two.

[Wikipedia: Influence of Stanley Kubrick] Stanley Kubrick is regarded by film critics and historians as one of the most influential directors of all time. Leading directors, including Martin Scorsese, Steven Spielberg, George Lucas, James Cameron, Woody Allen, Terry Gilliam, the Coen Brothers, Ridley Scott, Paul Thomas Anderson, Christopher Nolan, David Lynch, and George A. Romero, have cited Kubrick as a source of inspiration, and in the case of Spielberg, collaboration. In an interview for the "Eyes Wide Shut" DVD release, Steven Spielberg comments that "nobody could shoot a picture better in history", and that Kubrick told stories in a way "antithetical to the way we are accustomed to receiving stories". Writing in the introduction to a recent edition of Michel Ciment's "Kubrick", film director Martin Scorsese notes most of Kubrick's films were misunderstood and under-appreciated when first released, only to be considered masterpieces later on.

[Wikipedia: Paul Sauvage (aviator)] Sergent Paul Joannes Sauvage was a French World War I flying ace credited with eight confirmed and six unconfirmed aerial victories. He was originally posted to fly a Nieuport for Escadrille 65, and scored his first victory with them on 16 July 1916. He became the youngest French ace on 2 October, and held that distinction until his death by anti-aircraft fire on January 7, 1917.

[Wikipedia: Ric Weiland] Richard W. "Ric" Weiland (April 21, 1953 – June 24, 2006) was a computer software pioneer, programmer and philanthropist. He was the second employee at Microsoft Corporation joining the company during his final year at Stanford. When he was 35 he left Microsoft to focus his time on investment management and philanthropy, becoming a quiet but well respected donor to the LGBTQ social justice movement, the environment, health & human services and education. After his death, the Chronicle of Philanthropy called Ric's bequest the 11th largest charitable gift in the nation with more than $165 million distributed between 20 non profit beneficiaries.

[Wikipedia: John McPartland] John Donald McPartland (1911–1958) was a writer specializing in pulp fiction crime whose career was ended by an early death at age 47. In addition to his pulp work, he is known for his more standard novel, "No Down Payment", which was later made into the movie of the same title, directed by Martin Ritt and starring Joanne Woodward and Tony Randall, among others.

[Wikipedia: Superrigidity] In mathematics, in the theory of discrete groups, superrigidity is a concept designed to show how a linear representation ρ of a discrete group Γ inside an algebraic group "G" can, under some circumstances, be as good as a representation of "G" itself. That this phenomenon happens for certain broadly defined classes of lattices inside semisimple groups was the discovery of Grigory Margulis, who proved some fundamental results in this direction.

[Wikipedia: Baron Mordaunt] The title Baron Mordaunt was created in 1529 for Sir John Mordaunt. The fifth baron was created Earl of Peterborough in 1628 and the title then passed to his son, the second earl, in 1644. On his death in 1697, the earldom was inherited by the his nephew, Charles and the barony was inherited by his only child, Mary, the estranged wife of the 7th Duke of Norfolk. When she died childless in 1705, the barony was also inherited by Charles, who had also been created Earl of Monmouth. On the death of the 5th Earl of Peterborough in 1814, the title passed to his elder half-sister, Mary. When she died childless in 1819, the title then passed to the 4th Duke of Gordon, who was a maternal great-grandson of the 1st Earl of Peterborough. The title was then inherited by the 5th Duke of Gordon in 1827 and when he died without legitimate issue in 1836, the title became abeyant between his sisters (Charlotte Lennox, Duchess of Richmond, Susan Montagu, Duchess of Manchester, Georgiana Russell, Duchess of Bedford, Louisa Cornwallis, Marchioness Cornwallis and Lady Madeline Palmer) and their issue.

[Wikipedia: Lopamudra Raut] Lopamudra Raut is an Indian model and beauty queen from the state of Maharashtra. She represented India at Miss United Continents 2016 pageant and was crowned 2nd runner up. She also won the third "Best National Costume" award for India. Previous representatives of India, Gail Nicole Da Silva in 2014 and Sushrii Shreya Mishraa in 2015 also won the award. She was a contestant of Bigg Boss 10.

[Wikipedia: The Lodge (audio mastering)] The Lodge is an audio mastering facility located in Manhattan, New York City. It was founded by Emily Lazar in 1997. Over the years The Lodge has mastered recordings for many well known musicians, including David Bowie, The Subways, Foo Fighters, Lou Reed, Paul McCartney, Sinéad O'Connor, Natalie Merchant, Marianne Faithfull, and Madonna. The engineers have also mastered sound tracks for movies such as American Psycho and Thievery Corporation.

[Wikipedia: John Taylor (racing driver)] John Malcolm Taylor (23 March 1933 – 8 September 1966) was a racing driver from England. He participated in five World Championship Formula One Grands Prix, and also participated in several non-championship Formula One races. His Formula One debut was on 11 July 1964, at the British Grand Prix at Brands Hatch driving a one-litre, 4-cylinder, Cooper–Ford T73, where he finished fourteenth, 24 laps down, after an extended pit–stop due to a gearbox problem. Taylor did not compete in the Formula One World Championship in 1965, but continued to drive in non–championship races. He returned to Grand Prix racing in 1966 driving a two-litre Brabham–BRM for privateer David Bridges. His first race that season was the French Grand Prix at Reims where he scored his one championship point. There followed eighth places at both the British Grand Prix at Brands Hatch and the Dutch Grand Prix at Zandvoort.

[Wikipedia: The Young Turks] The Young Turks (TYT) is an American news and commentary program on YouTube, which also serves as the flagship program of the TYT Network, a multi-channel network of associated web series focusing on news and current events. The program was created by Cenk Uygur, Ben Mankiewicz, and Dave Koller. Currently co-hosted by Uygur and Ana Kasparian, who are often accompanied by various in-studio contributors, the program maintains an anti-establishment stance and provides commentary on topics of varying news genres. "The Young Turks" began as a radio program that premiered on February 14, 2002 on Sirius Satellite Radio; it was later carried on Air America, before launching a web series component in 2005 on YouTube.

[Wikipedia: Enchey Monastery] The Enchey Monastery was established in 1909 above Gangtok, the capital city of Sikkim in the Northeastern Indian state. It belongs to the Nyingma order of Vajrayana Buddhism. The monastery built around the then small hamlet of Gangtok became a religious centre. The location was blessed by Lama Drupthob Karpo, a renowned exponent of tantric (adept) art in Buddhism with flying powers; initially a small Gompa was established by him after he flew from Maenam Hill in South Sikkim to this site. The literal meaning of Enchey Monastery is the "Solitary Monastery". Its sacredness is attributed to the belief that Khangchendzonga and Yabdean – the protecting deities – reside in this monastery. As, according to a legend, Guru Padmasambhava had subdued the spirits of the Khangchendzonga, Yabdean and Mahākāla here. In view of this legend, the religious significance of Enchey Monastery is deeply ingrained in every household in Gangtok. It is also believed that these powerful deities always fulfil the wishes of the devotees.

[Wikipedia: Chris Clifford] Chris Clifford (born May 26, 1966 in Kingston, Ontario) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender, who played two games in the National Hockey League with the Chicago Black Hawks. He filled in for Murray Bannerman in a 1985 game and for Ed Belfour in a 1989 game. He won the Bobby Smith Trophy in 1985-86. Clifford was drafted in the sixth round of the 1984 NHL Entry Draft. He spent his junior career with the Ontario Hockey League's Kingston Canadians and most of his professional career with various teams in the International Hockey League. Clifford became the first goaltender in Ontario Hockey League history to score a goal.

[Wikipedia: Tajikistani somoni] The somoni (Tajik: cомонӣ , ISO 4217 code: TJS) is the currency of Tajikistan. It is subdivided into 100 diram (Tajik: дирам ). The currency is named after the father of the Tajik nation, Ismail Samani (also spelled "Ismoil Somoni").

[Wikipedia: Darlin' (The Beach Boys song)] "Darlin'" is a song written by Brian Wilson and Mike Love, recorded by American rock band the Beach Boys with Carl Wilson on lead vocal. It opens the second side of their 1967 album "Wild Honey" and was also released as a single, backed with "Here Today" from their 1966 album "Pet Sounds". The single peaked at No. 19 in the United States and No. 11 in the United Kingdom. The song is also known by different lyrics and structure as "Thinkin' 'Bout You Baby", also written by Wilson and Love, and first recorded by singer Sharon Marie in 1964.

[Wikipedia: Tempe, Arizona] Tempe ( ; "Oidbaḍ" in Pima), also known as Hayden's Ferry during the territorial times of Arizona, is a city in Maricopa County, Arizona, United States, with the Census Bureau reporting a 2010 population of 161,719. The city is named after the Vale of Tempe in Greece. Tempe is located in the East Valley section of metropolitan Phoenix; it is bordered by Phoenix and Guadalupe on the west, Scottsdale on the north, Chandler on the south, and Mesa on the east. Tempe is also the location of the main campus of Arizona State University.

[Wikipedia: Tunku Abdul Rahman University College] Tunku Abdul Rahman University College, abbreviated as TAR UC, is a non-profit, comprehensive, private university college in Malaysia. Named after the first Prime Minister of Malaysia, YTM Tunku Abdul Rahman Putra Al-Haj, the institution was founded in 1969 as Tunku Abdul Rahman College or TAR College then by the Malaysian Chinese Association (MCA). In 2013, the college was upgraded to a university college. TAR UC is one of the prestigious private university college in Malaysia, renowned for its accounting programme.

[Wikipedia: St. Beauty] St. Beauty is an American music group composed of two singers, Alexe Belle and Isis Valentino. The duo is affiliated with a larger artistic collective called Wondaland Art Society, a group of musicians that also includes Janelle Monáe, Jidenna, Roman GianArthur, and Deep Cotton. Both the duo and the collective are based in Atlanta, Georgia.

[Wikipedia: Tuzla International Airport] Tuzla International Airport (Bosnian: "Međunarodni aerodrom Tuzla/Међународни аеродром Тузла" ); (IATA: TZL, ICAO: LQTZ) is an airport near Tuzla, Bosnia and Herzegovina. Tuzla International Airport is second largest airport in Bosnia and Herzegovina, right after Sarajevo International Airport. The airport is known as a low cost airline hub of Bosnia and Herzegovina, since it's used by people from Bosnia, the diaspora and travelers from neighboring countries Croatia and Serbia. The airport is a civilian airport and a military airbase.

[Wikipedia: Kelly Alexander Sr.] Kelly Miller Alexander Sr. (August 18, 1915 – April 2, 1985) was Chairman of the Board of Directors of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People and a civil rights activist. He was born in Charlotte, North Carolina to Zechariah and Louise Alexander. His father was the owner of the Alexander Funeral Home, the only back funeral home in Charlotte. He played football at Second Ward High School, becoming known as "ship wreck Kelly." Alexander studied at the Tuskegee Institute in Alabama and Renouard College of Embalming in New York City before returning to Charlotte to help run his fathers business.

[Wikipedia: Island Storm] The Island Storm is a Canadian professional basketball team based in Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island. The team is a charter member of the National Basketball League of Canada which began play for its inaugural 2011–12 season. The Storm plays its home games at the Eastlink Centre. Former Vermont Frost Heaves head coach Joe Salerno served as the team's head coach for the first six seasons until he parted ways with the team in May 2017.

[Wikipedia: Nice Guy Johnny] Nice Guy Johnny is a 2010 American romantic comedy film written and directed by Edward Burns, and starring Matt Bush, Kerry Bishé, and Burns.

[Wikipedia: Starflyer 59] Starflyer 59 is an alternative rock band from Riverside, California that was founded in 1993 by Jason Martin, brother of Ronnie Martin of Joy Electric. While Jason Martin has written nearly all of Starflyer 59's songs, the band has included a number of different musicians over the years, including Jeff Cloud, Frank Lenz, and Richard Swift. The band's sound was initially identified as an outgrowth of the shoegaze movement of the early 1990s, but the band's music has gradually evolved to the point of little resemblance to that of its early days.

[Wikipedia: No More Woof] "No More Woof" is an electronic device created by the Nordic Society for Invention and Discovery, to translate canine brainwaves, or "emotions", to English language. The basic idea is to record electroencephalographic data from the dog's brain, and connect the electroencephalograph to a software which converts to English, to allow the dog's master to "hear" his dog. From an outsider's perspective, it would seem that the dog's master hears the dog through a set of headphones "plugged" in the dog.

[Wikipedia: Sian Powers] Sian Powers is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera, "Coronation Street", portrayed by Sacha Parkinson. Sian was introduced as a love interest for Sophie Webster (Brooke Vincent). Sian joined the cast of "Coronation Street" alongside Ben Richardson (Lucien Laviscount) in January 2009 as Sophie's schoolmates. They soon form a new group of teenagers along with Ryan Connor (Ben Thompson). Sian and girlfriend Sophie are "Coronation Street's" first lesbian couple. It was announced on 29 May 2011 that Parkinson had quit her role, and she made her last on screen appearance on 30 December 2011.

[Wikipedia: Quogue (LIRR station)] Quogue was a station stop along the Montauk Branch of the Long Island Rail Road and the station was built around June, 1875. During construction the station was moved by the village "on a Sunday morning" from its original and current location to a location on Old Depot Road. The second depot was built around 1882 and later was moved to a private location around 1905. The third depot was built around 1905 and at some point was elevated for the bridge over the former New York State Route 113. The station house was razed around April, 1964 but the station stop itself continued to operate until March 16, 1998. This station, along with nine others around that time were closed due to low ridership, which did not make it very cost-effective to build high-level platforms to support the new C3 railcars the LIRR was procuring at the time.

[Wikipedia: P. J. Tucker] Anthony Leon "P. J." Tucker Jr. (born May 5, 1985) is an American professional basketball player for the Houston Rockets of the National Basketball Association (NBA).

[Wikipedia: Vive le Québec libre] ""Vive le Québec libre!"" (] , "Long live free Quebec!") was a controversial phrase in a speech delivered by President Charles de Gaulle of France on July 24, 1967, during an official visit to Canada under the pretext of attending Expo 67 in Montreal, Quebec. While giving an address to a large crowd from a balcony at Montreal City Hall, he uttered ""Vive Montréal; Vive le Québec!"" ("Long live Montreal, Long live Quebec!") and then added, followed by loud applause, ""Vive le Québec "libre"!"" ("Long live "free" Quebec!") with particular emphasis on the word 'libre'. The phrase, a slogan used by Quebecers who favoured Quebec sovereignty, and de Gaulle's use of it was seen by them as giving his support to the movement. The speech sparked a diplomatic incident with Canada's government, and was condemned by Prime Minister Lester B. Pearson, saying that "Canadians do not need to be liberated". In France, though many were sympathetic to the cause of Quebec nationalism, de Gaulle's speech was criticized as a breach of protocol.

[Wikipedia: Annapurna Circuit] The Annapurna Circuit is a trek within the Annapurna mountain range of central Nepal. The total length of the route varies between 160–230 km (100-145 mi), depending on where motor transportation is used and where the trek is ended. The trek rises to an altitude of 5,416m on the Thorung La pass, touching the edge of the Tibetan plateau. This trek crosses two different river valleys and encircles the Annapurna massif, crossing Thorung La (5416m/17769 ft), the highest pass on this trek. Practically all trekkers hike the route anticlockwise, as this way the daily altitude gain is slower, and crossing the high Thorong La pass is easier and safer. The mountain scenery, seen at close quarters includes the Annapurna Massif (Annapurna I-IV), Dhaulagiri, Machhapuchhre, Manaslu, Gangapurna, Tilicho Peak, Pisang Peak, and Paungda Danda. Numerous other peaks of 6000-8000m in elevation rise from the Annapurna range.

[Wikipedia: WWE Super Tuesday] Super Tuesday was a 1-hour professional wrestling television special event, produced by the World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) that took place on 12 November 2002 (which was taped November 4 & 5) at the Fleet Center in Boston, Massachusetts and Verizon Wireless Arena in Manchester, New Hampshire, which featured matches from both Raw and SmackDown. It was a preview for Survivor Series and aired on UPN.

[Wikipedia: Sanlúcar de Barrameda] Sanlúcar de Barrameda (] ), or simply Sanlúcar, is a city in the northwest of Cádiz province, part of the autonomous community of Andalucía in southern Spain. Sanlúcar is located on the left bank at the mouth of the Guadalquivir River opposite the Doñana National Park, 52 km from the provincial capital Cádiz and 119 km from Sevilla capital of the autonomous region Andalucía. Its population is 65,805 inhabitants (National Institute of Statistics 2009).

[Wikipedia: Domino Recording Company] Domino Recording Company, generally known as Domino, is a British independent record label based in London. There is also a wing of the label based in Brooklyn, New York that handles releases in the United States, as well as a German division called Domino Deutschland and a French division called Domino France. In addition, Stephen Pastel presides over the subsidiary label Geographic Music, which releases more unusual British and World music. In 2011, the company announced that it was beginning a book publishing division, The Domino Press.

[Wikipedia: Submarine Voyage] The Submarine Voyage was an attraction at Disneyland in Anaheim, California. The attraction, which featured ride vehicles designed to resemble submarines, opened on June 14, 1959, as one of the first rides to require an E ticket. It was part of a major expansion of Tomorrowland and Fantasyland, which also included the Matterhorn Bobsleds roller coaster, an expanded version of Autopia, the Disneyland Monorail, and the Motor Boat Cruise. The Submarine Voyage closed on September 9, 1998; at that time, it was reported that the attraction would reopen with a new theme by 2003, but that did not occur. The attraction ultimately reopened in June 2007 themed to Disney·Pixar's "Finding Nemo", and now operates as Finding Nemo Submarine Voyage.

[Wikipedia: Potter County, Pennsylvania] Potter County is a county located in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. As of the 2010 census, the population was 17,457, making it the fifth-least populous county in Pennsylvania. Its county seat is Coudersport. The county was created in 1804 and later organized in 1836. It is named after James Potter, who was a general from Pennsylvania in the Continental Army during the American Revolution. Though it is named for him, James Potter never actually lived in Potter County and may have never even visited the area.

[Wikipedia: Converse Mill] The Converse Mill, also known as Clifton Mill #3, is a historic textile mill at 200 High Street in Spartanburg, South Carolina. The main mill building is a four-story brick building with smaller additions, sited on 11 acre overlooking the Pacolet River to the east. The mill was built in 1903 on the site of Clifton Mill #3, then the largest textile mill in the world, which had been destroyed by flood. It was designed by the noted industrial architectural firm Lockwood, Green of Boston, Massachusetts. The mill was closed sometime between 1968 and 1973, after which many of its windows were bricked over and it was converted to a warehouse. It is the only surviving element of the Clifton Mill complex, which originally had three large buildings.

[Wikipedia: University-preparatory school] A university-preparatory school or college-preparatory school (shortened to preparatory school, prep school, or college prep) is a type of secondary school. The term can refer to public, private independent or parochial schools primarily designed to prepare students for higher education.

[Wikipedia: Kir (cocktail)] Kir is a popular French cocktail made with a measure of crème de cassis (blackcurrant liqueur) topped up with white wine.

[Wikipedia: International Business Times] The International Business Times is an American online news publication that publishes seven national editions and four languages. The publication, sometimes called IBTimes or IBT, offers news, opinion and editorial commentary on business and commerce. IBT is one of the world's largest online news sources; IBT's 2014 media kit claims that its online properties receive 40 million unique visitors each month. Its 2013 revenues were around $21 million.

[Wikipedia: Charles North (poet)] Charles North (born June 9, 1941) is an American poet, essayist and teacher. Described by the poet James Schuyler as “the most stimulating poet of his generation,” he has received two National Endowment for the Arts Creative Writing Fellowships, an Individual Artist’s Grant from the Foundation for Contemporary Arts, four Fund for Poetry awards, and a Poets Foundation award.

[Wikipedia: Trot (music)] Trot (Korean 트로트 "teuroteu"; sometimes called 뽕짝 "ppongjjak" due to its distinctive background rhythm) is a genre of Korean pop music, and is recognized as the oldest form of Korean pop music. Formulated during the Japanese rule in the early 1900s, the genre has been influenced by Japanese, Western and Korean musical elements. Also, the genre has adopted different names, such as "yuhaengga", "ppongjjak", and most recently "teuroteu" (the Korean pronunciation of the word trot). While the genre’s popularity declined during the 1990s, most recently, it has been subject to revivals by contemporary South Korean pop artists such as Jang Yoon Jeong, Super Junior-T, BIGBANG member Daesung, Red Velvet member Joy, and Trot Queen Hong Jin-young.

[Wikipedia: Didi Beck] Didi Beck is a German electric bass and double bass player. He plays in the rockabilly band, the Boppin'B. An accomplished upright bass slap bass player, he teaches slap bass and has written an instruction book on slapping, and a made a video entitled "How to Learn the Rockabilly Slap Bass Starring Didi Beck". His rapid, virtuosic slapping technique can be heard online.

[Wikipedia: Toyota War] The Toyota War (Arabic: حرب تويوتا‎ ‎ "Ḥarb Tūyūtā", French: "Guerre des Toyota" ) is the name commonly given to the last phase of the Chadian–Libyan conflict, which took place in 1987 in Northern Chad and on the Libyan–Chadian border. It takes its name from the Toyota pickup trucks used, primarily the Toyota Hilux and the Toyota Land Cruiser, to provide mobility for the Chadian troops as they fought against the Libyans. The 1987 war resulted in a heavy defeat for Libya, which, according to American sources, lost one tenth of its army, with 7,500 men killed and US$1.5 billion worth of military equipment destroyed or captured. Chadian losses were 1,000 men killed.

[Wikipedia: Connecticut–Syracuse men's basketball rivalry] The Connecticut–Syracuse men's basketball rivalry is an American college basketball rivalry between the Connecticut Huskies men's basketball team of the University of Connecticut and Syracuse Orange men's basketball team of Syracuse University. Syracuse leads the all-time series 55–38.

[Wikipedia: Zheng Shuang (actress, born 1991)] Zheng Shuang (born 22 August 1991) is a Chinese actress and singer. She rose to fame with her role as Chu Yuxun in "Meteor Shower" (2009-2010), becoming the youngest actress to be nominated as for Audience's Favorite Actress at the China TV Golden Eagle Award. In 2011, she graduated from the Beijing Film Academy. Following her success in 2015, Zheng is currently one of the highest paid Chinese TV actresses. She was also chosen by "Southern Metropolis Daily" as one of the "Four Dan actresses of the post-90s Generation" (Chinese: 90后四小花旦), along with Zhou Dongyu, Guan Xiaotong and Yang Zi.

[Wikipedia: Cassytha] Cassytha is a genus of some two dozen species of obligately parasitic vines in the family Lauraceae. Superficially, and in some aspects of their ecology, they closely resemble plants in the unrelated genus "Cuscuta", the dodders. When fruit and flowers are absent in the field, the physical resemblance is so close that few people without technical training can tell them apart. In this respect and in their ecology the two genera present a spectacular example of convergent evolution. In its divergence from habits typical of the Lauraceae, "Cassytha" also presents examples of mosaic evolution

[Wikipedia: Cetera Financial Group] Cetera Financial Group (commonly referred to as Cetera) is a shared service organization serving affiliates that comprise the second-largest family of independent broker-dealers in the United States. The company has nearly 8,000 financial advisors , is a leading provider of retail financial services to investment programs of banks and credit unions, and has over $224.5 billion in advisory and brokerage assets under advisement, generating approximately $1.6 billion in annual revenue for the 2016 fiscal year. “Cetera Financial Group” refers to the network of independent retail firms encompassing, among others, Cetera Advisors, Cetera Advisor Networks, Cetera Investment Services (marketed as Cetera Financial Institutions), Cetera Financial Specialists, First Allied Securities, Girard and Summit Brokerage Services. All firms are members FINRA/ SIPC.

[Wikipedia: Text Me Merry Christmas] "Text Me Merry Christmas" is a song performed by Straight No Chaser and Kristen Bell. It was written by Adam Schlesinger and David Javerbaum. The song was released on November 17, 2014.

[Wikipedia: Barry Malkin] Barry M. Malkin (born October 26, 1938) is an American film editor with about 30 film credits. He is noted for his extended collaboration with director Francis Ford Coppola, having edited most of Coppola's films from 1969-1997. In particular, Malkin worked with Coppola on four of the component and compilation films of the "Godfather Trilogy", although he was not involved in the original 1972 film. Roger Ebert has written of "The Godfather Part II", which Malkin edited, "... why is it a "great movie"? Because it must be seen as a piece with the unqualified greatness of "The Godfather." The two can hardly be considered apart ("Part III" is another matter). When the characters in a film take on a virtual reality for us, when a character in another film made 30 years later can say "The Godfather" contains all the lessons in life you need to know, when an audience understands why that statement could be made, a film has become a cultural bedrock."

[Wikipedia: Ernie Earnshaw] Ernie Earnshaw is a musician and recording artist. He began playing drums with the popular surf-band of the 1960s, the Royale Monarchs at the Bob Eubanks Cinnamon Cinder night clubs in Los Angeles and performed on Sam Riddell's Ninth St. West dance program. Producer Gary Usher signed the new reformed group The Forte' Four to recording contract at Decca Records. Two singles were released without much fanfare, and when The Forte IV broke up, Ernie met and auditioned for Six the Hard Way, a group of 3 singers/3 pieces which went on the road and stayed there all through 1967. When Six the Hard Way broke up, Ernie and Chuck Girard went back to Pasadena where Chuck started writing, and eventually Chuck Girard, Jack Schaeffer, Ernie and a couple of Chuck's friends recorded two demos, "Feel the Love" and "Enchanted Forest." These were the beginnings of what many consider the first Christian Rock group. Earnshaw left this band in the spring of '68, joining BigFoot, which became Bill Medley's band in the summer of 1970.

[Wikipedia: Ferdinand (film)] Ferdinand is an upcoming 2017 American 3D computer-animated comedy film produced by Blue Sky Studios and 20th Century Fox Animation. It is based on Munro Leaf's children's book "The Story of Ferdinand" and directed by Carlos Saldanha, and stars the voices of John Cena, Kate McKinnon, Gina Rodriguez, Daveed Diggs, Gabriel Iglesias, Bobby Cannavale, David Tennant, and Anthony Anderson.

[Wikipedia: Primary rock] Primary rock is an early term in geology that refers to crystalline rock formed first in geologic time, containing no organic remains, such as granite, gneiss and schist as well as igneous and magmatic formations from all ages. Webster's Revised Unabridged Dictionary published in 1913 provides the following term as used in geology:

[Wikipedia: To Know Him Is to Love Him] "To Know Him Is to Love Him" is a song written by Phil Spector, inspired by words on his father's tombstone, "To Know Him Was To Love Him." It was first recorded by the only vocal group of which he was a member, the Teddy Bears. Their recording spent three weeks at No. 1 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 singles chart in 1958, while reaching No. 2 on UK's "New Musical Express" chart. Peter & Gordon and Bobby Vinton later had hits with the song, with its title and lyrics changed to "To Know You Is to Love You". In 1987, the song was resurrected by Dolly Parton, Linda Ronstadt and Emmylou Harris, whose "Trio" recording topped the U.S. country singles charts. The song is in 12/8 time.

[Wikipedia: Inauguration of Jimmy Carter] The Inauguration of Jimmy Carter as the 39th President of the United States was held on Thursday, January 20, 1977, on the East Portico of the United States Capitol in Washington D.C.. The inauguration marked the commencement of the only four-year term of Jimmy Carter as President and of Walter Mondale as Vice President. Chief Justice Warren E. Burger administered the presidential oath of office to Carter, and Speaker of the House Tip O'Neill administered the vice presidential oath of office to Mondale. This was the last inauguration held on the East Portico of the Capitol building to date.

[Wikipedia: Master aircrew] Master aircrew (MAcr) is the warrant-officer rank held by aircrew in the Royal Air Force. It is equivalent to warrant officer in other trades, and is effectively the highest non-commissioned aircrew rank. It has a NATO rank code of OR-9.

[Wikipedia: Zhang Lu (goalkeeper)] Zhang Lu (; born 6 September 1987 in Tianjin) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Tianjin Quanjian in the Chinese Super League.

[Wikipedia: North American Company] The North American Company was a holding company incorporated in New Jersey on June 14, 1890, and controlled by Henry Villard, to succeed to the assets and property of the Oregon and Transcontinental Company. It owned public utilities and public transport companies and was broken up in 1946, largely to comply with the Public Utility Holding Company Act of 1935.

[Wikipedia: Kenneth Carlsen] Kenneth Carlsen (born 17 April 1973) is a Danish former professional tennis player, who was active between 1992 and 2007. Carlsen played left-handed with a one-handed backhand. His greatest asset was his powerful serve, and his game was therefore best suited to fast surfaces (grass and hardcourt) . For most of his long career Carlsen was Denmark's best tennis player, and consistently among the few Danish players playing at the highest international level. He was awarded as best Danish "Tennis Player of the Year" seven times by the Danish Tennis Federation (first time in 1991, last time in 2005). Two times the award went to the Danish Davis Cup team, of which Kenneth Carlsen until 2003 was a central part (having a 29–13 record in singles).

[Wikipedia: Sequalitchew Creek] Sequalitchew Creek, located in DuPont, Washington emanates from Sequalitchew Lake, Fort Lewis, Washington, was the location of the original Fort Nisqually trading post established in 1833 by the Hudson's Bay Company. The historic, natural flow of Sequalitchew Creek runs from Sequalitchew Lake, through Edmonds Marsh, down the canyon and out to the Puget Sound.

[Wikipedia: Buffalo Soldier] Buffalo Soldiers originally were members of the 10th Cavalry Regiment of the United States Army, formed on September 21, 1866, at Fort Leavenworth, Kansas. This nickname was given to the "Negro Cavalry" by the Native American tribes they fought in the Indian Wars. The term eventually became synonymous with all of the African American regiments formed in 1866:

[Wikipedia: Waiting to Exhale] Waiting to Exhale is a 1995 American romance film directed by Forest Whitaker (in his feature film directorial debut) and starring Whitney Houston and Angela Bassett. The film was adapted from the 1992 novel of the same name by Terry McMillan. Lela Rochon, Loretta Devine, Dennis Haysbert, Michael Beach, Gregory Hines, Donald Faison, and Mykelti Williamson rounded out the rest of the cast. The original music score was composed by Kenneth "Babyface" Edmonds. The story centers on four female friends living in the Phoenix, Arizona area and their relationships with men and one another. All of them are "holding their breath" until the day they can feel comfortable in a committed relationship with a man.

[Wikipedia: Jasper County Community Unit School District 1] Jasper County Community Unit School District 1 is a unified school district based in Jasper County's county seat of Newton, Illinois; it is the only school district in the county and is, consequently, the main educational body in all of Jasper County, although it serves portions of Effingham County and Cumberland County as well. This school district is composed of six schools in total; four elementary schools, one junior high school, and one high school. There is also a prekindergarten program run at the high school of the district should parents wish to enroll their children early. Willow Hill Elementary School, which is located in the village of its namesake, serves only kindergarteners; its proximity to the county seat and central position in the county allows its students to dawn from all parts of the county and still have easy access to the elementary school they will attend. The principal of Willow Hill is Dave Parker. Grove Elementary School is located in Island Grove, Illinois, the highest point of elevation in the county. Grove Elementary School educates students from kindergarten to grade six, and it runs a prekindergarten program as well. Craig Carr is the principal of this school. Ste. Marie Elementary School is located in the southern Jasper County village of Ste. Marie, and serves students in grades one through six. The principal of Ste. Marie is David Parker, the principal of Willow Hill Elementary School. Newton Elementary School is located in the county seat of Newton, and serves most of west Jasper County's first through sixth graders under principal Travis Wyatt. The latter three elementary schools feed into Jasper County Junior High School and are taught in the facility during seventh and eighth grade while being supervised by Newton Elementary School principal Travis Wyatt before graduating into Newton Community High School. Students in grades nine through twelve spend their last leg of precollegiate education at this school; their principal is Ruth Kerner. The district superintendent is Ron Alburtus, and the district's mascot is the eagle.

[Wikipedia: Indian Packing Company] The Indian Packing Company was a company that was involved in the canned meat industry and was organized in Delaware on July 22, 1919. Its canned meat sold as "Council Meats." When the company was absorbed by the Illinois-based Acme Packing Company in 1921, it had facilities in Green Bay, Wisconsin; Providence, Rhode Island; Greenwood, Indiana; and Dupont, Indiana At the time of the sale it was controlled by New England Supply Company of Providence, Rhode Island with F.P Comstock as its principal owner.

[Wikipedia: Elkmont, Tennessee] Elkmont is a region situated in the upper Little River Valley of the Great Smoky Mountains of Sevier County, in the U.S. state of Tennessee. Throughout its history, the valley has been home to a pioneer Appalachian community, a logging town, and a resort community. Today, Elkmont is home to a large campground, ranger station, and historic district maintained by the Great Smoky Mountains National Park.

[Wikipedia: Star vs. the Forces of Evil] Star vs. the Forces of Evil is an American animated television series produced by Disney Television Animation. The first episode was shown on January 18, 2015, on Disney Channel as a special preview, and the series officially premiered on March 30, 2015, on Disney XD. The show was created by Daron Nefcy, who had worked on storyboards for "Wander Over Yonder" and "Robot and Monster". Nefcy became the second woman to create an animated series for Disney Television Animation (the first being Sue Rose, who created "Pepper Ann"), and the first woman to create a Disney XD series. On February 12, 2015, Disney renewed the series for a second season prior to its premiere on Disney XD. The second season premiered on July 11, 2016. On March 4, 2016, it was renewed for a third season, with a two-hour TV movie called "The Battle for Mewni", which aired on July 15, 2017. On February 28, 2017, it was officially renewed for a fourth season.

[Wikipedia: Waterton Lake] Waterton Lake is a mountain lake in southern Alberta, Canada and northern Montana, United States. The lake is composed of two bodies of water, connected by a shallow channel known locally as the Bosporus. The two parts are referred to as Lower Waterton Lake, and Upper Waterton Lake, the latter of which is crossed at the tip by the Canada–United States border. The United States Geological Survey gives the geocoordinates of for Upper Waterton Lake.

[Wikipedia: Ron Conway] Ronald Crawford "Ron" Conway (born March 9, 1951) is an American angel investor and philanthropist, often described as one of Silicon Valley's "super angels". Conway is recognized as a politically-connected philanthropist, strong networker and savvy business investor. Despite his investing successes and broad network, however, Conway has a mixed reputation within Silicon Valley circles and has been known to bully, threaten and even humiliate to achieve his goals: in an article titled "Ron Conway: The Scariest Man In Silicon Valley," Business Insider noted that "Conway is a bare-knuckled bruiser who will bully and intimidate fellow investors and his own entrepreneurs if they cross him, or do something he doesn't like."

[Wikipedia: Alton Brown] Alton Crawford Brown (born July 30, 1962) is an American television personality, food show presenter, author, actor, cinematographer, and musician. He is the creator and host of the Food Network television show "Good Eats" (14 seasons), host of the mini-series "Feasting on Asphalt" and "Feasting on Waves", and host and main commentator on "Iron Chef America", "Cutthroat Kitchen" and Camp Cutthroat. Brown is a best-selling author of several books on food and cooking. On Alton's 2016 book tour, he stated "Good Eats" will have a "sequel", and it will be released in 2017 on the internet. He is the songwriter and lead performer for his CD "Bitter Like Me."

[Wikipedia: Singapore Sling (1990 film)] Singapore Sling: The Man Who Loved a Corpse (Greek: "Singapore Sling: Ο Άνθρωπος που Αγάπησε ένα Πτώμα" , tr. "Singapore Sling: O Anthropos pou Agapise ena Ptoma") is a 1990 Greek black and white dramatic experimental independent underground art film directed by Nikos Nikolaidis and regarded as his magnum opus. Considered a difficult film to label while still managing to develop something of a cult following throughout the years nonetheless, it was shot in a bizarre manner somewhat resembling film noir or neo-noir and black comedy as well as the exploitation, thriller, and crime genres mixed with some elements of eroticism and horror with sex being used as a power game and received a theatrical release in Greece on 6 December 1990. Despite Nikolaidis' career as a film director in his home country which stretches to the early 1960s he was almost entirely unknown outside Greece before the early 1990s and is still less known outside it and it was only with this film, which has immediately achieved cult status, that international fame came to him and it probably still remans the film for which he is best known today, as exemplified by the fact that it was released on DVD by Synapse Films, the only one of Nikolaidis' films to so far receive a home video release in North America. The film was officially selected for screening at the Rimini Film Festival.

[Wikipedia: Henry II of England] Henry II (5 March 1133 – 6 July 1189), also known as Henry Curtmantle (French: "Court-manteau" ), Henry FitzEmpress or Henry Plantagenet, ruled as Count of Anjou, Count of Maine, Duke of Normandy, Duke of Aquitaine, Count of Nantes, King of England and Lord of Ireland; at various times, he also controlled Wales, Scotland and Brittany. Henry was the son of Geoffrey of Anjou and Matilda, daughter of Henry I of England. He became actively involved by the age of 14 in his mother's efforts to claim the throne of England, then occupied by Stephen of Blois, and was made Duke of Normandy at 17. He inherited Anjou in 1151 and shortly afterwards married Eleanor of Aquitaine, whose marriage to Louis VII of France had recently been annulled. Stephen agreed to a peace treaty after Henry's military expedition to England in 1153, and Henry inherited the kingdom on Stephen's death a year later.

[Wikipedia: Chicago Institute for Psychoanalysis] The Chicago Institute for Psychoanalysis is a center for psychoanalytic research, training, and education that is located on Michigan Avenue in downtown Chicago. The institute provides professional training in the theory and practice of psychoanalysis and psychotherapy. It was founded in 1932 by Franz Alexander, a pioneer in psychosomatic medicine at the Berlin Psychoanalytic Institute, who moved to Chicago at the invitation of Robert Maynard Hutchins, then president of the University of Chicago. Notable psychoanalysts that have been associated with the institute include Karl Menninger, Karen Horney, Thomas Szasz, Therese Benedek, Hedda Bolgar, Roy Grinker, Maxwell Gitelson, Louis Shapiro, Heinz Kohut, Arnold Goldberg, Jerome Kavka, Frank Summers, and Michael Franz Basch.

[Wikipedia: Green Bay Phoenix men's soccer] The Green Bay Phoenix men's soccer team is a National Collegiate Athletic Association Division I college soccer team composed of student-athletes attending the University of Wisconsin–Green Bay. The Phoenix play their home matches at Aldo Santaga Stadium. Like most of the other Green Bay Phoenix athletic teams, the men's soccer team competes in the Horizon League of the National Collegiate Athletic Association.

[Wikipedia: The Diamond Crown] The Diamond Crown, from Edison Studios, was a 1913 American silent film (short) written and directed by J. Searle Dawley. It was the first of three “Kate Kirby's Cases" detective stories made in 1913 for Edison. Dawley and actress Laura Sawyer left Edison for Famous Players Film Co. later that year. This film was also Justina Huff's debut in motion pictures. "The Diamond Crown" was released in the United States on July 12, 1913. This film is considered “lost.”

[Wikipedia: Salomon Brothers] Salomon Brothers was a Wall Street investment bank, known as a bulge bracket company. Founded in 1910 by three brothers (Arthur, Herbert and Percy) along with a clerk named Ben Levy, it remained a partnership until the early 1980s, when it was acquired by the commodity trading firm Phibro Corporation and became "Salomon Inc." Eventually, Salomon (NYSE:SB) was acquired by Travelers Group in 1998; and, following the latter's merger with Citicorp that same year, Salomon became part of Citigroup. Although the Salomon name carried on as Salomon Smith Barney, which were the investment banking operations of Citigroup, the name was abandoned in October 2003 after a series of financial scandals that tarnished the bank's reputation.

[Wikipedia: That's Where the Happy People Go] "That's Where the Happy People Go" is a crossover single by Philadelphia-based disco group The Trammps. Released in December 1975, the single hit number one on the disco chart for two weeks in May 1976. "That's Where the Happy People Go" also reached number twelve on the soul chart and number twenty-seven on the Hot 100, as well as reaching number thirty-five in the UK.

[Wikipedia: Qayyarah] Qayyarah or Qayara (Arabic: القيارة‎ ‎ ) is an Iraqi town located in southern Nineveh Governorate on the west bank of the Tigris river, and about 60 km (35 miles) south of Mosul. It is located in the Mosul District, and it is the seat of Qayyarah subdistrict. It has a population of 15,000. The town is located near the Qayyarah oil field and has an oil refinery on its south-western outskirts. The Qayyarah Airfield West is 20 kilometers west of the town.

[Wikipedia: Jama masid, Ramgargh] The Jama masid is a mosque located in Ramgarh Cantonment town in Ramgarh district in the Indian state of Jharkhand. Located at Chitarpur 16 km away from Ramgarh. It has the capacity to accommodate 5000 people to offer their holy namaz. It is the biggest mosque of its kind in Jharkhand. It is believed that this mosque was built around 1670 on a land donated by the then king of Ramgarh. In its present form this mosque resembles the Jama Masjid of Delhi. The mosque hold prayer sessions every day.

[Wikipedia: Oregon Route 241] Oregon Route 241 (OR 241) is an Oregon state highway running from U.S. Route 101 (US 101) in Coos Bay to Nesika County Park in Coos County. OR 241 is known as the Coos River Highway No. 241 (see Oregon highways and routes). It is 18.94 mi long and runs east–west, entirely within Coos County.

[Wikipedia: Capacha] Capacha is an archaeological site located about 6 kilometers northeast of the Colima Municipality, in Colima State, Mexico. This site is the heart of the ancient Mesoamerican Capacha Culture.

[Wikipedia: Wale Adebanwi] Professor Wale Adebanwi, (born 1969), is a Nigerian - born first Black African Rhodes Professor at Oxford University

[Wikipedia: List of locations in The Wheel of Time] This article is about countries, cities, towns, and other important locations in Robert Jordan's "The Wheel of Time" fantasy series. With the publication in 1997 of "The World of Robert Jordan's The Wheel of Time" (often called "The Guide"), much of the information previously available only by gathering from the various maps and culling from the books became readily available, along with much additional, supporting detail.

[Wikipedia: Murder of Peter Aston] On 4 May 1982, Australian army personnel Robin Reid and Paul Luckman kidnapped teenage boys Peter Aston and Terry Ryan on the Gold Coast, Queensland. Reid and Luckman then drove the boys at gun and knife point to Kingscliff, New South Wales, where they were beaten, tortured, and sexually assaulted before Aston was ultimately murdered.

[Wikipedia: Don Larsen's perfect game] On October 8, 1956, in Game 5 of the 1956 World Series, Don Larsen of the New York Yankees threw a perfect game against the Brooklyn Dodgers. Larsen's perfect game is the only perfect game in the history of the World Series; it is one of only 23 perfect games in MLB history. His perfect game remained the only no-hitter of any type ever pitched in postseason play until Philadelphia Phillies pitcher Roy Halladay threw a no-hitter against the Cincinnati Reds on October 6, 2010, in Game 1 of the National League Division Series, and the only postseason game in which any team faced the minimum 27 batters until Kyle Hendricks and Aroldis Chapman of the Chicago Cubs managed to combine for the feat in the decisive sixth game of the 2016 National League Championship Series.

[Wikipedia: Giorgio Ferroni] Giorgio Ferroni (April 12, 1908 - August 17, 1981), sometimes credited as Calvin Jackson Padget or Calvin J. Padget, was an Italian film director, film editor and a screenwriter.

[Wikipedia: New York City (Emigrate song)] "New York City" is the first single by the musical group Emigrate. The promo version of the single has an alternative cover. The gas mask has a burning building instead of a woman reflected in lenses. It has been considered the band's most successful song, so far. Richard, in the music video, can be seen walking through New York City and sitting down and singing. The song has been credited by many as a phenomenon, as Richard Z. Kruspe does not show his guitar skills, like he does with Rammstein, but now sings as the main vocalist and does what Till Lindemann states as "[An] incredible job at singing and makes the song perfect in every way, who would have known my fellow German guitarist would now be singing in great American dialect, I'm very proud of Rick".

[Wikipedia: Leptospermum] Leptospermum is a genus of shrubs and small trees in the myrtle family Myrtaceae commonly known as tea trees, although this name is sometimes also used for some species of "Melaleuca". Most species are endemic to Australia, with the greatest diversity in the south of the continent but some are native to other parts of the world, including New Zealand and Southeast Asia. Leptospermums all have five conspicuous petals and five groups of stamens which alternate with the petals. There is a single style in the centre of the flower and the fruit is a woody capsule. The first formal description of a leptospermum was published in 1776 by the German botanists Johann Reinhold Forster and his son Johann Georg Adam Forster, but an unambiguous definition of individual species in the genus was not achieved until 1979. Leptospermums grow in a wide range of habitats but are most commonly found in moist, low-nutrient soils. They have important uses in horticulture, in the production of honey and in floristry.

[Wikipedia: Port Arthur Bearcats] The Port Arthur Bearcats (Bear Cats) were a senior amateur ice hockey team based in Port Arthur, Ontario, Canada – now part of the city of Thunder Bay – from the early 1900s until 1970. Before settling on the nickname of Bearcats, the Port Arthur team played several seasons with unofficial generic names applied by fans and sportswriters, such as the Port Arthur Ports, Port Arthur Hockey Club, and the Port Arthur Seniors.

[Wikipedia: Vulnerable Native Breeds] Vulnerable Native Breeds are a group of dog breeds originating in the United Kingdom and Ireland, and identified by The Kennel Club (KC) as having annual registration numbers of 300 puppies or fewer. The need for such a list was first identified in June 2003, with research conducted by the KC to identify the extent of the vulnerability and viability of each breed. It was a joint project, with the KC working with the British and Irish Native Breeds Trust, later to be known simply as the Native Dog Breeds Trust. The breeds on the list have been promoted at events such as Discover Dogs and Crufts, and by asking that owners of these breeds mate their dogs rather than having them spayed.

[Wikipedia: Vuk Rađenović] Vuk Radjenovic (Serbian Cyrillic: Вук Рађеновић) (born June 7, 1983 in Ključ, Bosnia and Herzegovina) is an Germany-resident Serbian bobsledder who has competed since 2001. His best World Cup finish was 11th in a four-men event at Igls in 2013. That was considered as a remarkable performance by Vuk and his team due to financial struggles of his national federation. Vuk and the Serbian Bobsleigh Team became known as people that "create a lot with nothing".His best two-man World Cup result is 18th in Igls in 2012. Rađenović finished 2012/13 World Cup season in 26th place of Men's Four-Man with 352 . He was selected to compete at the 2010 Winter Olympics in the four-man event where he finished 18th. His best world cup results are 2010: 2man in Lake Placid, NY, USA, 16th place; and 2012: 2man in St Moritz Switzerland, 18th place.

[Wikipedia: 2012 ATP Vegeta Croatia Open Umag – Doubles] Simone Bolelli and Fabio Fognini were the defending champions but Bolelli decided not to participate.<br>

[Wikipedia: Animal Care Centers of NYC] Animal Care Centers of NYC (ACC), formerly known as Animal Care & Control of NYC, is a not-for-profit corporation that was formed for the purpose of providing animal care and control services in New York City. ACC was created in 1994 to assume the responsibilities of the American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (ASPCA), after the ASPCA decided not to renew its contract to run New York City’s animal shelter system. ACC entered into its own contract with the New York City Department of Health (DOH), and on January 1, 1995, followed the ASPCA as New York City’s provider of animal care and control services. It has a nine-member board of directors, which includes as ex officio members the Commissioner of DOH, the Commissioner of New York City Department of Parks and Recreation and the Deputy Commissioner for Community Affairs at the New

[Wikipedia: Hot Streets] Hot Streets is the tenth studio album (twelfth overall) by the American band Chicago, released in 1978. In many ways, "Hot Streets" marked the beginning of a new era for the band, turning to disco music, a move which would be derided in retrospect. It was also the band's first album with all-new material released since their second that didn't have a numbered title. It was also the first album not to feature original guitarist/vocalist Terry Kath, who died from an accidental self-inflicted gunshot wound in January 1978. He was replaced by Donnie Dacus on this album.

[Wikipedia: Life at the End of the Rainbow] Life at the End of the Rainbow is a 2002 documentary by Australian filmmaker Wayne Coles-Janess about the small farming community of Rainbow, population 500, which lies on the edge of the Big Desert, North Western Victoria, Australia. It is 55 minutes long.

[Wikipedia: Groupe Dynamite] Groupe Dynamite is a Canada-based clothing company. It was founded in 1975 as The Garage Clothing Company. This group creates, designs, markets and distributes from its Head Office located in Montreal, Quebec, and operates over 400 stores from coast to coast, the United States and abroad, with more than 6,000 employees.

[Wikipedia: Robert's American Gourmet Food] Robert's American Gourmet Food was and is a snack food company located in the United States. Founded by businessman Robert Ehrlich in 1986, the company was best known for its snack food, Pirate's Booty, which is found in over 90% of United States supermarkets. Robert's American Gourmet targeted health-conscious shoppers with a range of snack foods.

[Wikipedia: Umina Beach, New South Wales] Umina Beach is a suburb within the Central Coast Council local government area on the Central Coast of New South Wales, Australia.

[Wikipedia: Spray painting] Spray painting is a painting technique where a device sprays a coating (paint, ink, varnish, etc.) through the air onto a surface. The most common types employ compressed gas—usually air—to atomize and direct the paint particles. Spray guns evolved from airbrushes, and the two are usually distinguished by their size and the size of the spray pattern they produce. Airbrushes are hand-held and used instead of a brush for detailed work such as photo retouching, painting nails or fine art. Air gun spraying uses equipment that is generally larger. It is typically used for covering large surfaces with an even coating of liquid. Spray guns can be either automated or hand-held and have interchangeable heads to allow for different spray patterns. Single color aerosol paint cans are portable and easy to store.

[Wikipedia: Buddhism and sexuality] In the Buddha's first discourse he identifies craving ("tanha") as the cause of suffering ("dukkha"). He then identifies three objects of craving: the craving for existence; the craving for non-existence and the craving for sense pleasures ("kama"). "Kama" is identified as one of five hindrances to the attainment of "jhana" according to the Buddha's teaching. Throughout the Sutta Pitaka the Buddha often compares sexual pleasure to arrows or darts. So in the "Kama Sutta" from the "Sutta Nipata" the Buddha explains that craving sexual pleasure is a cause of suffering.

[Wikipedia: Pulitzer, Inc.] Pulitzer Inc. owned newspapers, television stations and radio stations across the United States. Founded by Joseph Pulitzer (who also funded the Pulitzer Prizes, which are not affiliated with the company), its papers included the "St. Louis Post-Dispatch," the "Arizona Daily Star" (Tucson), and Chicago's "Daily Southtown" and Lerner Newspapers chain.

[Wikipedia: David Branch (fighter)] David Branch (born September 26, 1981) is an American mixed martial artist currently competing in the Middleweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship. A professional competitor since 2007, he has also formerly competed for the World Series of Fighting, Bellator, Shark Fights, and Titan FC. Branch was the inaugural World Series of Fighting Light Heavyweight and Middleweight Champion. He is currently ranked as the #9 Middleweight in the world according to Sherdog.

[Wikipedia: Reading law] Reading law is the method by which persons in common law countries, particularly the United States, entered the legal profession before the advent of law schools. This usage specifically refers to a means of entering the profession (although in England it is still customary to say that a university undergraduate is "reading" a course, which may be law or any other). "Reading the law" consists of an extended internship or apprenticeship under the tutelage or mentoring of an experienced lawyer. A small number of U.S. jurisdictions still permit this practice today.

[Wikipedia: Ed Reed] Edward Earl Reed Jr. (born September 11, 1978) is a former American football safety who spent the majority of his career with the Baltimore Ravens of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football for the University of Miami, where he was a two-time consensus All-American. He was drafted by the Ravens in the first round of the 2002 NFL Draft and played eleven seasons for Baltimore before playing with the Houston Texans and New York Jets in 2013. He finished his career with the Ravens, signing a one-day contract on May 7, 2015.

[Wikipedia: Jerome Schottenstein] Ya'akov Meir Hayyim Jerome Schottenstein (Hebrew: ג'רום (יעקב מאיר חיים) שוטנשטיין‎ ‎ ; died March 10, 1992) was an American entrepreneur and philanthropist, founder of Schottenstein Stores Corp.

[Wikipedia: Barry Fey] Barry Fey (1938 – April 28, 2013) was an American rock concert promoter from Colorado who was best known for bringing prominent music acts to the United States for the first time.

[Wikipedia: Southwest Oregon Regional Airport] Southwest Oregon Regional Airport (IATA: OTH, ICAO: KOTH, FAA LID: OTH) , formerly North Bend Municipal Airport, is a public airport in North Bend, Coos County, Oregon. It is operated by the Coos County Airport District.

[Wikipedia: Spontaneous Combustion (album)] Spontaneous Combustion is an album by progressive metal group Liquid Trio Experiment, and is the result of the studio improvisations of Liquid Tension Experiment which occurred while John Petrucci was with his wife while she was giving birth. The trio of Mike Portnoy, Tony Levin and Jordan Rudess continued to write music during this period. It was released on October 23, 2007. A few songs from "Liquid Tension Experiment 2" were spawned from these jam sessions including "914", "Chewbacca", and "Liquid Dreams". The song "Chris & Kevin's Bogus Journey" is not a reference to Portnoy and Petrucci's former Dream Theater bandmates Chris Collins and Kevin Moore, but rather to the track on Liquid Tension Experiment's first album entitled "Chris & Kevin's Excellent Adventure", which is itself a reference to the band's photographer's habit of calling Mike Portnoy and Tony Levin "Chris and Kevin", even after being corrected several times. It is also a reference to the 1991 film "Bill & Ted's Bogus Journey", the sequel to "Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventure". The song "Jazz Odyssey" is a reference to the movie "This Is Spinal Tap", in which Spinal Tap experiments with an improvisational song of the same name.

[Wikipedia: Allen Drury's University series] Allen Drury's "University" series is a trio of novels written by political novelist Allen Drury between 1990 and 1998, which follow a group of university fraternity brothers for a span of over 60 years from 1938 to 2001. Drury graduated from Stanford University in 1939, and his experiences there provided the basis for the series. The novels are set in a different fictional timeline from Drury's 1959 novel "Advise and Consent", which earned him a Pulitzer Prize for Fiction.

[Wikipedia: McGregor Trophy] The McGregor Trophy was founded as a boys golf tournament in 1982 at the Radcliffe-on-Trent Golf Club by Roy Case, later to become president of the English Golf Union. The trophy was donated by Matt and Kathy McGregor, former captains of the club. The competition was adopted in 1993 by the English Golf Union as the English Boys Under 16 Open Amateur Stroke-Play Championship. It is now played at various venues around England, but returns to Radcliffe-on-Trent Golf Club at five year intervals reflecting the inauguration of the trophy at this course. It is open to golfers of all nationalities in possession of a playing handicap not exceeding 5.4 under the CONGU Unified Handicapping System or a comparable scheme operated by a recognised overseas Golf Union, Federation or Association. It consists of 72 holes of stroke play over three days, 18 holes being played on each of the first two days. After 36 holes, the leading 40 competitors and all those tying for 40th place play a further 36 holes on the third day.

[Wikipedia: Kim Tae-yeon (actress)] Kim Tae-yeon (born January 3, 1976) is a South Korean actress. She began her entertainment career as a model, winning Model Line's 40th Fashion Model contest in 1996 and the Pantene Model contest sponsored by Ford Models in 2000. Kim made her film debut in the highly controversial film "Lies" in 1999.

[Wikipedia: Vaccine] A vaccine is a biological preparation that provides active acquired immunity to a particular disease. A vaccine typically contains an agent that resembles a disease-causing microorganism and is often made from weakened or killed forms of the microbe, its toxins or one of its surface proteins. The agent stimulates the body's immune system to recognize the agent as a threat, destroy it, and recognize and destroy any of these microorganisms that it later encounters. Vaccines can be prophylactic (example: to prevent or ameliorate the effects of a future infection by a natural or "wild" pathogen), or therapeutic (e.g., vaccines against cancer are being investigated).

[Wikipedia: Ariana Afghan Airlines destinations] This is a list of cities Ariana Afghan Airlines flies to. The list includes the city and country name; the airport codes of the International Air Transport Association (IATA airport code) and the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO airport code); the airport name. Additionally, there are labels for airports that are the airline's hub and stations that have been terminated as well as future routes (as of August 2014):

[Wikipedia: Fast food restaurant] A fast food restaurant, also known as a quick service restaurant (QSR) within the industry, is a specific type of restaurant that serves fast food cuisine and has minimal table service. The food served in fast food restaurants is typically part of a "meat-sweet diet", offered from a limited menu, cooked in bulk in advance and kept hot, finished and packaged to order, and usually available for take away, though seating may be provided. Fast food restaurants are typically part of a restaurant chain or franchise operation that provisions standardized ingredients and/or partially prepared foods and supplies to each restaurant through controlled supply channels. The term "fast food" was recognized in a dictionary by Merriam–Webster in 1951.

[Wikipedia: APM Terminals] APM Terminals is an international container terminal operating company headquartered in The Hague, Netherlands. It is one of the world's largest port and terminal operators as well as providing cargo support and container Inland Services, and is the largest port and terminal operating company in terms of overall geographic scope. It operates 76 port and terminal facilities in 41 countries on five continents, with five new port projects in development, as well as 103 Inland Services operations providing container transportation, management, maintenance and repair in 38 countries, for an overall global presence of 59 countries.

[Wikipedia: Alfie Moon] Alfred William "Alfie" Moon is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera "EastEnders", played by Shane Richie. He made his first appearance on 21 November 2002, and left on 25 December 2005. He returned to "EastEnders" on 21 September 2010, following the return of on-screen wife Kat (Jessie Wallace) two episodes previously.

[Wikipedia: Braunston Cleves or Fawcliff] The lost village of Braunston Cleves or Fawcliff once stood north of the village of Braunston in the English county of Northamptonshire. The village stood on the southwest slope of Cleve’s hill within the parish of Braunston. The history of this settlement is virtually unknown. It is thought that the settlement was part of the 11th-century manor which belonged to William Trusbott. The settlement passed to his daughter, Agatha Meinfelin, who in turn left the village to Delapré Abbey in Northampton. A charter of Edward III confirming the possessions of Delapré Abbey mentions a place called Fawcliff near Braunston. Nothing is known of why the village was deserted but it had certainly been destroyed by the 18th century.

[Wikipedia: Adrien Philippe] Jean Adrien Philippe (16 April 1815, La Bazoche-Gouet, Eure-et-Loir – 5 January 1894) was French horologist and cofounder of watchmaker Patek Philippe & Co. of Geneva, Switzerland.

[Wikipedia: The Lizzie McGuire Movie] The Lizzie McGuire Movie is a 2003 American teen comedy film released by Walt Disney Pictures on May 2, 2003. The film serves as the finale of the Disney Channel television series of the same name, and was the first theatrical film based on a Disney Channel series. The film stars Hilary Duff, Adam Lamberg, Robert Carradine, Hallie Todd and Jake Thomas, and tells the story of Lizzie's graduation trip to Rome. At its release, the film peaked at number two at the domestic box office behind "X2: X-Men United". "The Lizzie McGuire Movie" was released on August 12, 2003 on VHS and DVD. "The Lizzie McGuire Movie" was directed by Jim Fall.

[Wikipedia: Vital Signs (TV series)] Vital Signs is a British television drama series airing on ITV from 2006. It stars Tamzin Outhwaite as a supermarket check-out operator who decides to become a doctor. The series co-stars William Beck, Fraser Ayres, Eve Best, Claudie Blakley, Lucinda Dryzek, Beth Goddard, Alfie Hunter, Brooke Kinsella, Harry Lloyd, Peter Rnic and Steven Waddington. The filming of the show is based in numerous London hospitals and medical schools; predominantly the show has been shot in St George's Hospital and Medical School.

[Wikipedia: The Prince of Arcadia] The Prince of Arcadia (German: Der Prinz von Arkadien) is a 1932 Austrian-German romance film directed by Karl Hartl and starring Willi Forst, Liane Haid and Hedwig Bleibtreu. It premiered on 18 May 1932.

[Wikipedia: Erna Flegel] Erna Flegel (11 July 1911 – 16 February 2006) was a German nurse. In late April 1945 she worked at the emergency casualty station at the Reich Chancellery in Berlin. She was captured in the Reich Chancellery by the Red Army on 2 May 1945.

[Wikipedia: Emilio Baglioni] Emilio Baglioni became culinary host to the Hollywood stars, employed by Jack L. Warner of Warner Brothers Studios as the head of the commissary and executive dining room for Jack L. Warner and heads of every department and provided food for the actors and the crew during filming. When Warner retired from the studio in 1968, Baglioni remained at Warner Brothers and opened his own restaurant at the same time simply called “Emilio’s” located on Melrose and Highland Avenues in Hollywood, California. Many Hollywood stars continued to flock to Emilio’s because he prepared their favorite meals, such as Elizabeth Taylor’s beloved dinner was “Three colored salad;” Richard Burton Linguine with Clams; Esther Williams dined on “Veal Piccata;” Anthony Quinn liked "Scalappine al Marsala," Jack LaLane's "Cioppino;" John Wayne "Mixed Salad with New York Steak well charred;" Ava Gardner "Scampi al vino bianco. The "Hollywood Times" newspaper reported: "Emilio's is currently & has been for many years the "In Place" to go in Hollywood. Today you may see TV Newscaster, stars from nearby Paramount Studios, affluent people from everywhere gathered together to enjoy the beautiful atmosphere & outstand cuisine. ...At Emilio's almost everything is prepared on the premises. Breads are homebaked, fresh pastas are prepared daily & there is even a garden across from the restaurant where Emilio himself arrives early each morning to select his own vegetables, herbs, & beautiful flowers to set his tables...A legendary restaurant pioneer in Los Angeles, Emilio attributes his success to these words: "Never sacrifice quality & love your customers." In 1995, Baglioni sold his restaurant, learned to play the Button Accordion and travels around the world entertaining people with Italian music, and makes special appearances at the Feast of San Gennaro Festivals in Los Angeles, California, and Las Vegas, Nevada.

[Wikipedia: Red (Taylor Swift album)] Red is the fourth studio album by American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift. It was released on October 22, 2012, by Big Machine Records, as the follow-up to her third studio album, "Speak Now". The album title was inspired by the "semi-toxic relationships" that Swift experienced during the process of conceiving this album, which Swift described the emotions she felt as "red emotions" due to their intense and tumultuous nature. "Red" touches on Swift's signature themes of love and heartbreak, however, from a more mature perspective while exploring other themes such as fame and the pressure of being in the limelight. The album features collaborations with producers and guest artists such as Gary Lightbody of Snow Patrol and Ed Sheeran and is noted for Swift's experimentation with new musical genres. Swift completed The Red Tour in support of the album on June 12, 2014, which became the highest-grossing tour of all time by a country artist, grossing over $150 million.

[Wikipedia: Shotgun Angel] Shotgun Angel is the second album by Christian rock band Daniel Amos, released in 1977. It was their final album for Maranatha! Music and their last album performed in their early country rock sound.

[Wikipedia: The Wailing (film)] The Wailing () is a 2016 South Korean horror film directed by Na Hong-jin about a policeman who investigates a series of mysterious killings and illnesses. It was a commercial success.

[Wikipedia: Trey Gowdy] Harold Watson "Trey" Gowdy III (born August 22, 1964) is an American attorney, politician and former prosecutor. He currently serves as the U.S. Representative for South Carolina 's 4 congressional district . He is a member of the Tea Party movement and the Republican Party. His district includes much of the Upstate region of South Carolina, including Greenville and Spartanburg.

[Wikipedia: Bridgewater Collieries] Bridgewater Collieries originated from the coal mines on the Manchester Coalfield in Worsley in the historic county of Lancashire owned by Francis Egerton, 3rd Duke of Bridgewater in the second half of the 18th century. After the Duke's death in 1803 his estate was managed by the Bridgewater Trustees until the 3rd Earl of Ellesmere inherited the estates in 1903. Bridgewater Collieries was formed in 1921 by the 4th Earl. The company merged with other prominent mining companies to form Manchester Collieries in 1929.

[Wikipedia: Paul Dillon] Paul Dillon is an American actor born in Joliet, Illinois who began his career in show business in Chicago. His movie career began in 1994 with the movie "Blink" in which he played the role of Neal Booker. He played Paddy O'Brien in "", the most successful film in which he has a credited role.

[Wikipedia: Edward C. Hugler] Edward Charles "Ed" Hugler (born February 7, 1950) is Deputy Assistant Secretary for Operations in the U.S. Department of Labor's Office of the Assistant Secretary for Administration and Management. That position has been his formal position at the United States Department of Labor since April 2000. However, he served as Acting Secretary of Labor from February 2–24, 2009, when Hilda Solis's nomination by President Barack Obama became bogged down during Senate confirmation hearings. He stepped down from the position when Solis was confirmed and sworn in as Secretary of Labor. Ed Hugler served as Acting Secretary of Labor from January 20, 2017 to April 28, 2017 until when Alexander Acosta was confirmed and sworn into office.

[Wikipedia: Denver Broncos] The Denver Broncos are an American football team based in Denver, Colorado. The Broncos compete in the National Football League (NFL) as a member club of the league's American Football Conference (AFC) West division. The team began play in 1960 as a charter member of the American Football League (AFL) and joined the NFL as part of the merger in 1970. The Broncos are owned by the Pat Bowlen trust. The Broncos have played at Sports Authority Field at Mile High since , after previously playing at Mile High Stadium from 1960 to 2000.

[Wikipedia: Douglas Murray (author)] Douglas Kear Murray (born 16 July 1979) is a British author, journalist, and political commentator. He is the founder of the Centre for Social Cohesion and is currently the associate director of the Henry Jackson Society and associate editor of "The Spectator".

[Wikipedia: Secret Love (TV series)] Secret Love (; lit. Secret) is a 2013 South Korean television series starring Hwang Jung-eum, Ji Sung, Bae Soo-bin and Lee Da-hee. It aired on KBS2 from September 25 to November 14, 2013, on Wednesdays and Thursdays at 21:55 for 16 episodes.

[Wikipedia: A Man Called God] A Man Called God (; also known as The Man Almighty) is a 2010 South Korean television series starring Song Il-gook, Han Chae-young, Kim Min-jong, Han Go-eun and Yoo In-young. It aired on MBC from March 6 to May 23, 2010 on Saturdays and Sundays at 21:45 for 24 episodes.

[Wikipedia: Sault Symphony Orchestra] The Sault Symphony Orchestra is a Canadian/American orchestra with offices in Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario, Canada. Its primary performance venues include the Kiwanis Community Theatre Centre and Central United Church in Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario, and St. Mary's Pro-Cathedral and the Soo Theatre in Sault Ste. Marie, Michigan. An average concert season consists of 4 to 6 concerts, plus a year-end fundraising event called Beer, Bratwurst and Beethoven. The

[Wikipedia: Corps Austria Frankfurt am Main] Corps Austria is a member Corps of the Kösener Senioren-Convents-Verband, the association of the oldest student fraternities in Germany, Austria and Switzerland. Corps Austria is "pflichtschlagend", which refers to the fact that it requires of its members to participate in several organized duel-like fencing engagements with members of other specific student fraternities, a ritual dating back to the 17th century and described by Mark Twain in his book "A tramp abroad". The Corps Austria is further considered "farbentragend" in that its members wear a colored sash (right shoulder to left waist) across their chests as evidence of their membership of the fraternity. Both of these tendencies are characteristic of the most traditional and often very elite all-male fraternities in countries for central Europe. Eligible applicants are students of the Goethe University Frankfurt and other colleges in Frankfurt, Germany. Members of Corps Austria are colloquially referred to as "Austrianer", or simply "Austern". Corps Austria was founded in 1861 at the Charles-Ferdinand University in Prague and moved to the newly established Goethe University Frankfurt in 1919.

[Wikipedia: Marion County, Indiana] Marion County is a county located in the U.S. state of Indiana. Census 2010 recorded a population of 903,393, making it the largest county in the state and 55th most populated county in the country, greater than the population of six states. The county seat is Indianapolis, the state capital and largest city. Marion County is consolidated with Indianapolis through an arrangement known as Unigov.

[Wikipedia: Two Episodes] Two Episodes is a composition for orchestra by the Finnish composer Magnus Lindberg. The work was commissioned by the London Philharmonic Orchestra, for which Lindberg is composer-in-residence, and co-commissioned by The Proms, the Helsinki Festival, and the Casa da Música. It was first performed by the London Philharmonic Orchestra under the direction of Vladimir Jurowski in the Royal Albert Hall, London, on July 24, 2016.

[Wikipedia: Wongaksa Pagoda] Wongaksa Pagoda is a twelve metre high ten storey marble pagoda in the center of Seoul, South Korea. It was constructed in 1467 to form part of Wongaksa temple, that King Sejo had founded two years before on the site of an older Goryeo-period temple, Heungbok-sa. The temple was closed and turned into a kisaeng house by the (later deposed) king known as Yeonsan-gun (1476 – 1506, r. 1494-1506), and under his successor, King Jungjong (1488 – 1544, r.1506–1544) the site was turned into government offices. The pagoda and a memorial stele commemorating the foundation of Wongaksa alone survived. The site of the temple was later occupied by houses. During the Imjin War of the 1590s, the top portion of the pagoda was pulled down and lay on the ground at the foot of the pagoda until it was replaced by American military engineers in 1947.

[Wikipedia: Lucidio Sentimenti] Lucidio Sentimenti (also known as Sentimenti IV; 1 July 1920 – 28 November 2014) was an Italian footballer from Bomporto in the Province of Modena, who played as a goalkeeper. His nickname, Sentimenti IV, comes from the fact that he is the fourth of five brothers – Ennio (I), Arnaldo (II), Vittorio (III) and Primo (V) - all of whom but the eldest were also professional footballers. Only Lucidio played for the Italian national side.

[Wikipedia: Justin Smith (milliner)] Justin Smith (born 1978) is a leading British milliner based in London. He creates bespoke millinery under the J Smith Esquire brand for a portfolio of private clients that includes Angelina Jolie, Brad Pitt and Amal Clooney. Smith's hats have been exhibited around the world, and have been acquired by such museums as the Fashion Institute of Technology in New York and the Victoria & Albert Museum in London for Hats: An Anthology curated by Stephen Jones. His work is in continuous demand by stylists and photographers for the quality style press. He has been visiting lecturer at London's Royal College of Art and has conducted seminars and teaching workshops for the British Council.

[Wikipedia: Brad Keywell] Brad Keywell (born October 1969) is an entrepreneur based in Chicago. He is co-founder and CEO of Uptake, a predictive analytics SaaS platform provider that empowers companies in major industries to optimize performance, reduce asset failures and enhance safety. He is a Managing Partner and co-founder of Lightbank, a venture fund investing in disruptive technology businesses. He is a co-founder and director of Groupon. He is a co-founder and director of Mediaocean, which provides integrated technology operating systems to the advertising and media buying industry. He is a co-founder and director of Echo Global Logistics, a technology-based enterprise transportation management firm. In 2015 Brad and his wife Kim took The Giving Pledge to give away half of their wealth. He is an Adjunct Professor at the Booth School of Business at the University of Chicago, teaching a course along with Eric Lefkofsky entitled "Building Internet Startups."

[Wikipedia: Sick Puppies EP] Sick Puppies EP is the fourth EP by Australia rock band Sick Puppies. The EP was sold at live events and is now only available on the secondhand market. The EP was released as an enhanced CD with bonus multimedia content featuring lyrics, a photo gallery, the YouTube Free Hugs video for "All the Same", and a live video trailer. All the tracks were re-released on the album Dressed Up As Life.

[Wikipedia: Ode to My Father] Ode to My Father (; lit. "Gukje (International) Market") is a 2014 South Korean drama film directed by Yoon Je-kyoon. Starring Hwang Jung-min and Yunjin Kim, it depicts modern Korean history from the 1950s to the present day through the life of an ordinary man, as he experiences events such as the Hungnam Evacuation of 1950 during the Korean War, the government's decision to dispatch nurses and miners to West Germany in the 1960s, and the Vietnam War.

[Wikipedia: Rod Hull] Rodney Stephen "Rod" Hull (13 August 1935 – 17 March 1999) was an English comedian, best known as a popular entertainer on British television in the 1970s and 1980s. He rarely appeared without Emu, a mute, highly aggressive arm-length puppet modelled on the Australian flightless emu bird.

[Wikipedia: The New Paul and Virginia] The New Paul and Virginia, or Positivism on an Island is a satirical dystopian novel written by William Hurrell Mallock, and first published in 1878. It belongs to the wave of utopian and dystopian literature that characterized the later nineteenth century in both Great Britain and the United States.

[Wikipedia: Young Woman in a Pearl Necklace (New York City)] Young Woman in a Pearl Necklace (after 1655) is an oil on canvas painting by an unknown painter, after a painting by the Dutch painter Willem Drost. It is an example of Dutch Golden Age painting and is part of the collection of the Metropolitan Museum of Art.

[Wikipedia: Manchester Terrier] The Manchester Terrier is a breed of dog of the smooth-haired terrier type.

[Wikipedia: Margarodidae] The Margarodidae or ground pearls (cottony cushion scales, giant coccids, giant scale insects) are a family of scale insects within the superfamily Coccoidea. Members of the family include the Polish cochineal and Armenian cochineal (genus "Porphyrophora") and the original ground pearl genus, "Margarodes". Beginning in 1880, a number of distinct subfamilies were recognized, with the giant coccis (the Monophlebidae) being the first. Although Maskell proposed a new family, many continued to regard the monophlebids as a mere subfamily for many years, and the Margarodidae classification continued to be polyphyletic through the 20th Century. Since then, taking the advice of Koteja several subfamilies and tribes have been elevated into their own families such as Matsucoccidae and Xylococcidae. The pared-down family of Margarodidae (Margarodidae "sensu stricto" or Margarodidae s. s.) is monophyletic.

[Wikipedia: Margot Hartman] Margot Hartman Tenney is the chairman of the board of the First Stamford Corporation, one of the largest privately held commercial real estate companies in the State of Connecticut. Born and raised in New York City, she started her professional career as an actress at the Arena Stage Company in Washington, D.C.. After years of working in the regional theatre, Margot founded the Hartman Theatre Company in Stamford, Connecticut. For over a decade the Hartman Theatre Company served as one of the nation’s leading regional theatres and was the recipient of a special Drama Desk Award for Producing Unprecedented Work, such as the pre-Broadway production of The Runner Stumbles in the theatre’s premiere season. Through the creation of the Dorothy and Jesse Hartman Foundation, Margot supports several not for profit institutions such as the Palm Beach Shakespeare Festival. She also served on the board of directors for the Eugene O’Neill Theatre Center, The Helen Hayes Theatre in Nyack, New York and the Musical Theatre Works Company in New York. Margot received the Lifetime Achievement Award for the Advancement of Women from the Connecticut United Nations Associations. Margot was also presented with an Outstanding Connecticut Woman Award by Governor O’Neill in the State Senator Chamber and thanked by the United States Senator Christopher Dodd for her service to the State.

[Wikipedia: Alfredo Guati Rojo] Alfredo Guati Rojo Cárdenas (December 1, 1918 – June 10, 2003) was a 20th-century Mexican artist who worked to restore the reputation of watercolor painting as a true art form. His preference for the technique came from seeing Diego Rivera’s work and helping with a fresco mural in his hometown of Cuernavaca as a child. When he was 16, he went to Mexico City to study law, but switched to art. He learned the various classic art techniques but kept his preference for watercolor. His career began by teaching art, founding an art institute in the Colonia Roma section of Mexico City. In the 1950s, he tried to get the areas art galleries to show watercolors but they refused, considering it as a minor art form. He began to host exhibitions of watercolor works at his art institute with success which led to the formation of the Museo Nacional de la Acuarela or National Watercolor Museum in the 1960s. The museum remained in Colonia Roma until the 1985 Mexico City earthquake destroyed the building and led to it relocation to the Coyoacán borough where it remains. During this time, Guati Rojo also had a career showing and selling his own artwork, almost exclusively watercolors in various parts of the world. Most of his income from this painting went to support the museum.

[Wikipedia: Family Guy Online] Family Guy Online was a massively multiplayer online role-playing game (MMORPG) based on the animated television series "Family Guy", developed in a partnership between Roadhouse Interactive and 20th Century Fox. "Family Guy Online" was free-to-play using the Unity game engine. The game launched into public beta in April 2012, but on December 21, 2012, the developers announced that the game would not be developed beyond beta status and would be permanently shut down on January 18, 2013. The shutdown took place as announced, and the game is now closed.

[Wikipedia: Arild Nyquist] Arild Nyquist (6 March 1937 – 21 December 2004) was a Norwegian novelist, poet, writer of children's books and musician. He was born in Oslo, the son of Gerd Nyquist. His father-in-law was Olav Mosebekk. He made his literary debut in 1963 with the novel "Ringer i et sommervann".

[Wikipedia: Alistair Campbell (academic)] Alistair Campbell (12 December 1907 – 5 February 1974) was a British academic who was Rawlinson and Bosworth Professor of Anglo-Saxon, University of Oxford, and Fellow of Pembroke College, Oxford, from October 1963 until his death. He was the editor of editions of the Old English poem "Battle of Brunanburh", Æthelweard's "Chronicon" and Æthelwulf's "De abbatibus". He was the author of "Old English Grammar" (Oxford: Clarendon Press, 1959 ISBN  ).

[Wikipedia: Independence Square (Podgorica)] Independence Square, formerly Republic Square or Square of the Republic (Montenegrin: Трг Републике / "Trg Republike") is the central town square of Podgorica, the capital city of Montenegro. It is located in Nova Varoš (Montenegrin Cyrillic: Нова Варош; trans. "New Town"), the administrative, as well as socio-cultural heart of the city. The square covers an area of 15.000 square metres. The city library ""Radosav Ljumović"" is located on the square, as well as the state gallery ""Art"".

[Wikipedia: Harvey A. Surface] Harvey Adam Surface (July 25, 1867 – July 18, 1941) was an American zoologist. He was for 15 years Economic Zoologist for the Pennsylvania Department of Agriculture, and later served three terms in the state legislature. Born in Waynesville, Ohio to a prominent farming family, he graduated from Ohio State University in 1891, and earned a M.S. the following year. After teaching at University of the Pacific and Cornell, he became Professor of Zoology at Pennsylvania State College (1900–1907), and Professor of Biology at Susquehanna University (1920–1930). His work focused on the wildlife and plants of Pennsylvania. He was ornithological editor of "American Gardening", nature study editor of "Popular Educator", member of the American Association for the Advancement of Science, Pennsylvania Academy of Science, and Pennsylvania Audubon Society, and was president of the Pennsylvania Beekeeper’s Association for 18 years. In 1931 he was elected to the Pennsylvania House of Representatives as Representative from Snyder County, where he served until 1936.

[Wikipedia: Heavy Seas Beer] Heavy Seas Beer is brewed by Clipper City Brewing Company, in Baltimore, Maryland. The brewery was established by Hugh Sisson in 1995. Previously, Sisson operated Maryland's first brewpub, Sisson's. In 2010, the brewery rebranded. While the name of the company remains Clipper City Brewing Company, all of its beer falls under the Heavy Seas brand. Heavy Seas hosts tours on most weekends. It is located at 4615 Hollins Ferry Road, Suite B, in the Halethorpe section of Baltimore. Heavy Seas currently offers a variety of beer styles in approx. 18 states within the United States. Several Heavy Seas beers have been awarded and include the following: Cutlass Amber Lager (a repeat medal winner at the Great American Beer Festival from 2006-2010, bronze medal winner at the 2010 World Beer Cup and silver medal winner at the 2012 World Beer Cup as Heavy Seas Märzen), Powder Monkey Pale Ale (silver medal winner at the 2008 Great American Beer Festival and bronze medal winner at the 2010 World Beer Cup as Heavy Seas Pale Ale), Small Craft Warning Uber Pils (bronze medal winner at the 2004 Great American Beer Festival), Gold Ale (gold medal winner at the 2010 World Beer Cup, bronze medal winner at the 2010 Great American Beer Festival and bronze medal winner at the 2014 Great American Beer Festival as Heavy Seas Gold Ale) and Winter Storm Imperial ESB (gold medal winner at the 2008 World Beer Cup).

[Wikipedia: The Rezort] The Rezort is a 2015 British zombie horror film directed by Steve Barker and written by Paul Gerstenberger. It stars Dougray Scott, Jessica De Gouw and Martin McCann. After humanity wins a devastating war against zombies, the few remaining undead are kept on a secure island, where they are hunted for sport. When something goes wrong with the island's security, the guests must face the possibility of a new outbreak.

[Wikipedia: Rod Carew] Rodney Cline Carew (born October 1, 1945) is a former Major League Baseball (MLB) first baseman, second baseman and coach of Panamanian descent. He played from 1967 to 1985 for the Minnesota Twins and the California Angels and was elected to the All-Star game every season except his last. While Carew was never a home run threat (only 92 of his 3,053 hits were home runs), he made a career out of being a consistent contact hitter. He threw right-handed and batted left-handed. He was inducted into the National Baseball Hall of Fame and the Caribbean Baseball Hall of Fame. Carew served as an MLB coach for several years after retiring as a player.

[Wikipedia: Yut] Yut Nori, also known as Yunnori, Nyout, and Yoot, is a traditional board game played in Korea, especially during Korean New Year. The game is also called "cheok-sa" or "sa-hee". The combining-form "-nori" means 'game'.

[Wikipedia: Milan Murray] Margaretha Murray (stage name Milan Murray) (30 October 1974) is a South African actress. She is most well known to the South African public for roles in various soap operas, but she has also played and starred in feature films, and regularly does stage performances. In addition she co-anchors "Ontbytsake", a weekly Breakfast show on kykNET, an Afrikaans channel on DStv. She lives in Johannesburg with her husband, Schalk van der Merwe, her son Steph and daughter Lua. She was raised in the Cape Province, South Africa.

[Wikipedia: Eli Roth] Eli Raphael Roth (born April 18, 1972) is an American film director, producer, writer, and actor. As a director and producer, he is most closely associated with the horror genre, first coming to prominence by directing the 2005 film "Hostel" and its 2007 sequel, "". As an actor, his most prominent role was as Donny "The Bear Jew" Donowitz in Quentin Tarantino's war film "Inglourious Basterds" for which he won both a SAG Award (Best Ensemble) and a BFCA Critic's Choice Award (Best Acting Ensemble). Journalists have included him in a group of filmmakers dubbed the Splat Pack for their explicitly violent and bloody horror films. In 2013, Roth received the Visionary Award for his contributions to horror, at the Stanley Film Festival. His most recent directorial effort was the 2015 erotic horror film "Knock Knock". His next project is the vigilante action film "Death Wish", a remake of the 1974 original.

[Wikipedia: T.R. Carr] T.R. Carr was the mayor of the city of Hazelwood, Missouri in northern St. Louis County, Missouri, from April 2000 until April 2009. He is Professor of Public Administration at Southern Illinois University Edwardsville (SIUE) and Senior Research Fellow at the Institute for Urban Research at SIUE. Carr represents SIUE on the State University Retirement System Member Advisory Board. He is board member and Treasurer of the St. Louis - Samara (Russia) Sister City Committee. Carr is a member of the Board of North County, Inc., an economic development organization in St. Louis County. He is a Commissioner on the St. Louis County Boundary Commission that reviews all municipal annexation plans within St. Louis County. He is a Board Member for the Northwest Chamber of Commerce in St. Louis County. Carr served on the Executive Board of the St. Louis County Municipal League and as League President 2007-2008. Carr served as Chairman of the Standing Committee on Policy and Resolutions of the Missouri Municipal League 2004 to 2009. He served on the St. Louis County Fire Standards Commission 2005 - 2009. He served on the East-West Gateway Council of Governments Board 2007-2009. Carr served as a member, then as Chairman of the Community Advisory Board for SSM Hospital 2000-2009. He has served as Department Chair of Public Administration and Policy Analysis and as Director of the Master of Public Administration Program at SIUE. He maintained these academic positions before, during, and after, his tenure as mayor.

[Wikipedia: Hyattsville Armory] The Hyattsville Armory is a historic National Guard armory built in 1918 and located in Hyattsville, Prince George's County, Maryland, United States. It was the first Armory built in Prince George's County and the fifth in Maryland. Its architect, Robert Lawrence Harris, served as State Architect under Governor Albert C. Ritchie. In this capacity, Harris supervised the design of similar armories in Salisbury, Kensington, Silver Spring, Hagerstown, Laurel, Easton, Crisfield, Pocomoke City, Centreville, and Cumberland. The structure is distinctly fortresslike and offers a commanding view of the surrounding area. The building is patterned after a medieval English castle and built of native stone, with rectangular turrets flanking the arched limestone entranceway. Carved above the entry is the State Seal of Maryland.

[Wikipedia: François Genoud] François Genoud (26 October 1915 – 30 May 1996) was a noted Swiss financier and a principal benefactor of the Nazi diaspora through the ODESSA network and supporter of Middle Eastern terror groups during the post-World War II 20th century. He was considered the Swiss financier of the Third Reich.

[Wikipedia: E. E. Bell] E.E. Bell (born Edward Earle Bell; December 27, 1955) is an American comic actor best known for his role as Bob Rooney on the sitcom "Married... with Children". He also had a recurring role as Barney the security guard in the Nickelodeon sketch comedy series "The Amanda Show". He also had a guest role as Leslie the tow truck driver on "Drake & Josh" and as the Mystery Guest on "How I Met Your Mother". In 1993 until 1994, he also was in the TV show Xuxa, as Jelly The Panda. He also made a guest appearance on "Sonny with a Chance" as he played a school principal. He recently appeared in "Good Luck Charlie, It's Christmas!" as Lenny. Bell appeared on an episode of "Hollywood Squares" on April Fools' Day 2003 as part of a prank played on host Tom Bergeron. He appeared in "Shake It Up" as Mr. Block, the president of the Toy Company, and in "", as the Pickup Driver.

[Wikipedia: The Sporting Life (1925 film)] The Sporting Life is a 1925 silent comedy drama directed by Maurice Tourneur and a remake of Tourneur's 1918 film of the same title based on Seymour Hicks's popular play. Universal Pictures produced and released the film.

[Wikipedia: Dime novel] The dime novel is a form of late 19th-century and early 20th-century U.S. popular fiction issued in series of inexpensive paperbound editions. The term "dime novel" has been used as a catchall term for several different but related forms, referring to dime novels, story papers, five- and ten-cent weeklies, "thick book" reprints, and sometimes early pulp magazines. The term was used as a title as late as 1940, in the short-lived pulp magazine "Western Dime Novels". Dime novels are the antecedent of today's mass-market paperbacks, comic books, television shows and movies based on dime-novel genres. In the modern age, the term "dime novel" has been used to refer to quickly written, lurid potboilers, usually as a pejorative to describe a sensationalized but superficial literary work.

[Wikipedia: Asipu] In ancient Mesopotamia, asipu (also āšipu or mašmašu)", "were scholars and practitioners of diagnosis and treatment in Tigris-Euphrates valley of Mesopotamia (a modern-day Iraq) around 3200 BC. Some have described asipu as experts in "white magic". At the time, ideas of science, religion and witchcraft were closely intertwined and formed a basis of asiputu, the practice used by asipu to combat sorcery and to heal disease. The asipu studied omens and symptoms to formulate a prediction of the future for a subject and then performed apotropaic rituals in an attempt to change the unfavorable fate.

[Wikipedia: Lynda Delph] Lynda Delph is a Distinguished Professor of Biology and Section Associate Chair of the Evolution, Ecology, and Behavior Program at Indiana University - Bloomington. Delph began her education at the University of Arizona, where she completed her undergraduate education in 1979 and masters in 1983. In 1988, she completed her Ph.D. from the University of Canterbury, which was followed by a post doctoral fellowship at Rutgers University. After she completed her fellowship, Delph began her career at Indiana University as an assistant professor in 1990, becoming a full professor in 2002 and a distinguished professor in 2017. In addition to her faculty appointments, she served as a senior fellow of the Indiana Molecular Biology Institute and Executive Director of Science Outreach for the Indiana University College of Arts and Sciences. Delph has also served as an officer in scientific societies in her field, acting as secretary of the Society for the Study of Evolution, Vice President of the American Society of Naturalists, and Council Member and later President of the American Genetic Association.

[Wikipedia: Yū Aoi] Yu Aoi (蒼井 優 , Aoi Yū , born August 17, 1985 in Kasuga, Fukuoka) is a Japanese actress and model. She made her film debut as Shiori Tsuda in Shunji Iwai's 2001 film "All About Lily Chou-Chou". She subsequently portrayed Tetsuko Arisugawa in "Hana and Alice" (2004), also directed by Iwai, Kimiko Tanigawa in the hula dancing film "Hula Girls" and Hagumi Hanamoto in the 2006 live-action adaptation of the "Honey and Clover" manga series.

[Wikipedia: Robby Benson] Robin David Segal (born January 21, 1956), better known by the stage name Robby Benson, is an American actor, director, singer and educator. He is known as the voice of The Beast in the Disney animated film "Beauty and the Beast" and its numerous sequels and spin-offs, and for directing several episodes of the popular sitcom "Friends".

[Wikipedia: Timothy McSweeney's Quarterly Concern] Timothy McSweeney's Quarterly Concern is an American literary journal, typically containing short stories, reportage, and illustrations. Some issues also include poetry, comic strips, and novellas. The Quarterly Concern is published by McSweeney's. The journal is notable in that it has no fixed format, and changes its publishing style from issue to issue, unlike more conventional journals and magazines. It is produced by the publishing house McSweeney’s. The "Quarterly" was first published in 1998, and it is edited by Dave Eggers.

[Wikipedia: Constance, Queen of Sicily] Constance (2 November 1154 – 27 November 1198) was Queen regnant of Sicily in 1194–98, jointly with her spouse from 1194 to 1197, and with her infant son Frederick II, Holy Roman Emperor, in 1198, as the heiress of the Norman kings of Sicily. She was also Holy Roman Empress by marriage to Henry VI, Holy Roman Emperor.

[Wikipedia: Robert Pinsky] Robert Pinsky (born October 20, 1940) is an American poet, essayist, literary critic, and translator. From 1997 to 2000, he served as Poet Laureate Consultant in Poetry to the Library of Congress. Pinsky is the author of nineteen books, most of which are collections of his poetry. His published work also includes critically acclaimed translations, including "The Inferno" of Dante Alighieri and "The Separate Notebooks" by Czesław Miłosz. He teaches at Boston University.

[Wikipedia: 1999 Trans-Am Series] The 1999 Trans-Am Series was the 34th season of the Sports Car Club of America's Trans-Am Series. 1999 was the end of the "American muscle revival" era of Trans-Am, as Italian manufacturer Qvale would win the championship the following year. Ford would sweep the season. Paul Gentilozzi won the drivers' championship.

[Wikipedia: Agastachys] Agastachys odorata, commonly known as the white waratah, is the sole member of the genus Agastachys in the protea family. It is an evergreen shrub to small tree and is endemic to the heaths and button grass sedgelands of western Tasmania. It occurs most often in moist heath and scrub and occasionally in the alpine regions, but generally prefers well-drained but poor soils. It can grow in some rainforests where it forms a small tree but is normally a shrub in all other situations. The heaviest concentrations are along the island's south coast. Its leaves are dark green, hairless and almost succulent. Masses of white flowers are produced in erect spikes from the ends of the branches. Measuring 8 to 12 cm high, they appear in January and February.

[Wikipedia: Broadway Rose Theatre Company] In 1991, seven years after meeting in a summer stock production of "Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat" in Shamokin Dam, Pennsylvania, Dan Murphy and Sharon Maroney (married), along with fellow performer Matthew Ryan (a native of Tigard, OR) and his partner Joseph Morkys, decided to move from New York City to start a summer stock theatre in Tigard. The team pooled their savings of $21,000 and in November 1991, Broadway Rose Theatre Company was incorporated as a 501(c)(3). In the summer of 1992, the first season of Broadway Rose Theatre Company was performed at the Deb Fennell Auditorium at Tigard High School. The company produced five mainstage shows and a children's show in eight weeks, with an average audience of 32 people per performance. The company lost $8,700 in its first season, but the following year the fledgling company received a $3,000 grant from the Metropolitan Arts Commission (a forerunner of the Regional Arts & Culture Council), to help bring the organization out of debt. In 1993, the company produced "Oklahoma!" with no funds—putting the entire payroll on Dan's personal credit card. The situation resolved itself as audiences picked up. In 1994, the company received a $4,000 grant from the Metropolitan Arts Commission. Audiences averaged 132 people per performance that year—a 313 percent increase from 1992. In 1995, The Collins Foundation provided the company a $5,000 grant, allowing Sharon Maroney to become the company's first paid employee. Platt Electric Supply became Broadway Rose's first title sponsor in 1996, providing a new level of stable funding (they would stay on as a title sponsor through 2012 when Harvey Platt sold the company). In 1997, co-founders Matthew Ryan and Joe Morkys left Broadway Rose and returned to New York. That year Broadway Rose held its first drama camp for young performers aged 8–11. Also in 1997, Shoshana Bean, who would later become famous for portraying Elphaba on Broadway in the musical "Wicked""," starred in the Broadway Rose production of "Bye Bye Birdie." The company's offices moved from Dan and Sharon's home to a Platt Electric Supply branch office in 1999. Later that year, the Sherwood Arts Council contracted Broadway Rose to produce "Broadway Goes Hollywood", a fundraiser for SAC held at the historic Robin Hood Theater in Sherwood, OR. Broadway Rose's annual budget rose to around $175,000 with ticket sales accounting for just under half of the total, and Dan's general manager position officially became funded, making him an employee rather than a volunteer.

[Wikipedia: Elia Kazan] Elia Kazan (born Elias Kazantzoglou September 7, 1909 – September 28, 2003) was a Greek-American director, producer, writer and actor, described by "The New York Times" as "one of the most honored and influential directors in Broadway and Hollywood history".

[Wikipedia: Tim Urban] Tim Suburban Urban (born May 1, 1989) is an American singer-songwriter and actor who was the seventh place finalist on the ninth season of "American Idol". Urban's debut album and EP titled "Heart of Me" was released on November 8, 2010 through iTunes.

[Wikipedia: Tony Hall, Baron Hall of Birkenhead] Anthony William "Tony" Hall, Baron Hall of Birkenhead, {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (born 3 March 1951) is the Director-General of the BBC.

[Wikipedia: Luciano Valero] Luciano Valero is a Venezuelan politician. He was the appointed Governor of Barinas from 1959 to 1964, and again from 1969 to 1973. He was appointed Governor of the Federal District of Venezuela by President Luis Herrera Campins in the early 1980s. He also served in the cabinet of Luis Herrera Campins, as Minister of Agriculture (1979–1981) and Minister of Interior and Justice (1982–1984).

[Wikipedia: Hawkinsara] Hawkinsara, abbreviated Hknsa. in the horticultural trade, is an intergeneric hybrid of orchids, with parent genera "Broughtonia", "Cattleya", "Laelia" and "Sophronitis".

[Wikipedia: Adranodoros] Adranodoros (or Andranodorus) was the son-in-law of the Greek Sicilian king Hiero II of Syracuse in the 3rd century BCE, being married to Hiero's daughter Demarata. He was one of fifteen guardians named by Hiero to counsel Hiero's fifteen-year-old grandson and successor, Hieronymus of Syracuse, after Hiero died. Adranodoros dismissed the guardians, saying that they were not needed, and became Hieronymos's chief counsellor. He encouraged Hieronymus to change the allegiance of Syracuse from Rome to Carthage, and connect himself with Hannibal.

[Wikipedia: Language revitalization] Language revitalization, also referred to as language revival or reversing language shift, is an attempt to halt or reverse the decline of a language or to revive an extinct one. Those involved can include parties such as linguists, cultural or community groups, or governments. Some argue for a distinction between language revival (the resurrection of a dead language with no existing native speakers) and language revitalization (the rescue of a "dying" language). It has been pointed out that there has only been one successful instance of a complete language revival, that of the Hebrew language, creating a new generation of native speakers without any pre-existing native speakers as a model.

[Wikipedia: Vinnie Paz] Paz is known for his raw and gritty lyrical delivery. His lyrics frequently contain references to religion, war, politics, mythology, conspiracy theories, and the paranormal. His more recent albums such as "Servants in Heaven Kings in Hell" show a more obvious approach to politics and world issues. This gritty style of Paz became apparent with the release of "Violent by Design", and has become progressively more defined since its release. Vinnie Paz has a number of aliases, such as: Ikon the Verbal Hologram, Louie Doggs, Boxcutter Pazzy, Pack Pistol Pazzy, Hologram, Paz, Vinnie P, The Pazmanian Devil, Odrama Vin Laden, Ikon The Python, and Pazienza. Raised Catholic, Vinnie Paz is now a Muslim, which plays a major role in much of his lyrics, often controversially, as on Heavenly Divine, where he rapped "I'm with Allah 'cause he chose me, I broke into the Vatican, strangled The Pope with his rosary." Vinnie is also a heavy metal fan, and occasionally uses song titles and band names in JMT tracks and lyrics.

[Wikipedia: Rungrado 1st of May Stadium] The Rungrado 1st of May Stadium, also known as the May Day Stadium, is a multi-purpose stadium in Pyongyang, North Korea, completed on 1 May 1989. It is the largest stadium in the world, with a total capacity of 114,000. The site occupies an area of 20.7 ha .

[Wikipedia: Eleutheroside] Eleutherosides are a diverse group of chemical compounds that were isolated from roots of the herb "Eleutherococcus senticosus" which is commercially offered mostly as extracts. Eleutheroside A is a saponin and sterol glycoside while other eleutherosides, such as eleutheroside B (syringin), are phenyl propanoid glycosides. There are no definite effects associated with these constituents, and they rather serve as marker compounds for the Thin layer chromatography identification of "Eleutherococcus senticosus" herbal preparations and dietary supplements.

[Wikipedia: Charles Phu] Charles Phu (Traditional Chinese: 符傳禎; Russian: Чарльз Фу), is a London-based architectural designer and opera set designer. Countries and regions in which his design works are located include Europe, Russia, USA, China, India, Taiwan, and the Middle East. Phu is the founder and design director of the London-based design practice Office for Architectural Culture, as known as OAC. He is the creator of the CCK Presidential Memorial Library and Museum in Taipei, and the chief design architect of 'Okhta Centre', now known as Lakhta Centre, in Saint Petersburg.

[Wikipedia: Falls Apart (Sugar Ray song)] "Falls Apart" is a song by American rock band Sugar Ray from their album "". The song reached number 29 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and number 5 on the Hot Modern Rock Tracks.

[Wikipedia: The Magic Window] The Magic Window (also known as The House with the Magic Window) was an American children's television program broadcast on ABC affiliate WOI-TV in Ames, Iowa from 1951 to 1994. With a run of 43 years, it was the longest running children's television program in American history. ("Bozo's Circus" technically had a longer run; however, it was made in many different local markets by different producers.) Producer Dick Hartzell and WOI TV artist Joy (Ringham) Munn developed the show as an educational children's program, which featured handicraft activities, news items, and birthday recognition for the children viewing the show. Joy co-hosted the show with Craighton Knau for the first season (1951-1952), which was 30 minutes long and aired 3 times per week. During the second season, she became the sole host of the program. For that season the show was 15 minutes long and aired 5 days per week. Joy left the show in 1953. For all but the first three years of the show, it was hosted by Betty Lou Varnum, another pioneer in central-Iowa broadcasting.

[Wikipedia: Boy Next Door (song)] "Boy Next Door" is the fifth single from British R&B artist Jamelia and the fourth and final single from her debut album "Drama". "Boy Next Door" is Jamelia's smallest hit, missing the UK Top 40, peaking at #42 and spending only two weeks inside the Top 75. The version released as a single was a slight remix to the version that appears on the album and is also slightly shorter in length.

[Wikipedia: Pharrell Williams] Pharrell Lanscilo Williams ( ; born April 5, 1973), sometimes known as simply Pharrell, is an American rapper, singer, songwriter, record producer, and film producer.

[Wikipedia: Kelly McCombie] Kelly McCombie (born 4 January 1979) is an Australian Paralympic tandem cycling pilot. She was born in Sydney and lives in Perth. She began cycling in 1996 and went on to pilot visually impaired tandem cyclist Janet Shaw.. At the Australian Championships before the 2004 Athens Paralympics, McCombie and her tandem partner broke two world records, including the 3 km pursuit, smashing 3 seconds off the world record time. The pair won two bronze medals at the 2004 Athens Games in the Women's Road Race / Time Trial Tandem B1-3 and the Women's Individual Pursuit Tandem B1-3.

[Wikipedia: Caladium] Caladium is a genus of flowering plants in the family Araceae. They are often known by the common name elephant ear (which they share with the closely related genera "Alocasia", "Colocasia", and "Xanthosoma"), Heart of Jesus, and Angel Wings. There are over 1000 named cultivars of "Caladium bicolor" from the original South American plant.

[Wikipedia: New Hampshire Route 140] New Hampshire Route 140 is a 21.142 mi east–west state highway in central New Hampshire, running from Tilton to Alton. The western terminus of NH 140 is in Tilton at an intersection with U.S. Route 3, New Hampshire Route 11 and New Hampshire Route 132, located at exit 20 on Interstate 93. The eastern terminus is in Alton at NH 11 and New Hampshire Route 28A (Main Street). In Alton, the road is named the Frank C. Gilman Highway.

[Wikipedia: Cheshire RFU Bowl] The Cheshire Bowl is an annual rugby union knock-out club competition organized by the Cheshire Rugby Football Union, and was introduced during the 2009-10 season with Winnington Park being the first ever winners. The Bowl is currently a stand-alone competition that is open to club sides based in Cheshire, Merseyside or the Isle of Man that are ranked at tier 8 (South Lancs/Cheshire 2) of the English league system - although some teams may be invited from outside the official leagues. It is the third most important competition organized by the Cheshire RFU behind the Cheshire Vase (2nd) and Cheshire Cup (1st).

[Wikipedia: Spettekaka] Spettekaka or spettkaka ("spiddekaga" in native Scanian) is a local dessert of the southern parts of Sweden, chiefly in the province of Scania (Skåne) but also in Halland. It is an important part of the Scanian culinary heritage. The name means "cake on a spit", and this describes the method of preparation: it is the Swedish variation on the spit cake.

[Wikipedia: Asia Pacific Poker Tour] The Asia Pacific Poker Tour (APPT) is a major international series of poker tournaments established in 2007 and hosted in cities across the Asia Pacific. Along with other major tours such as the European Poker Tour and Latin American Poker Tour, the Asia Pacific Poker Tour is sponsored by PokerStars.

[Wikipedia: Paul Salopek] Paul Salopek (born February 9, 1962, in Barstow, California) is an American journalist and writer. He is a two-time Pulitzer Prize winner and was raised in central Mexico.

[Wikipedia: Tom Clancy's Net Force Explorers: Gameprey] Tom Clancy's Net Force Explorers or Net Force Explorers is a series of young adult novels created by Tom Clancy and Steve Pieczenik as a spin-off of the military fiction series Tom Clancy's Net Force.

[Wikipedia: Tony Hendra] Tony Hendra (born 10 July 1941) is an English satirist, actor and writer who has worked mostly in the United States. Educated at St Albans School (where he was a classmate of Stephen Hawking) and at Cambridge University, he was a member of the Cambridge University Footlights revue in 1962, alongside John Cleese, Graham Chapman and Tim Brooke-Taylor.

[Wikipedia: The Last Stage] The Last Stage (Polish: Ostatni etap) was a 1947 Polish feature film directed and co-written by Wanda Jakubowska, depicting her experiences in the Auschwitz concentration camp during World War II. One feature that makes the movie very unusual is the fact that although all of the actors are Poles, the ones depicting German guards speak German. This was an additional effort for the actors, but adds to the authenticity and atmosphere. The film was one of the earliest cinematic efforts to describe the Holocaust, and it is still quoted extensively by succeeding directors, including Steven Spielberg in "Schindler's List".

[Wikipedia: Man-eating tree] Man-eating tree can refer to any of the various legendary carnivorous plants large enough to kill and consume a person or other large animal. The carnivorous plant with the largest known traps is probably Nepenthes rajah, which produces pitchers up to 41 cm tall with a volume up to 3.5 l . The pitcher of this species are designed to trap arthropods. However, the same bait may also attract rodents like the summit rat ("Rattus baluensis") and the Mountain treeshrew ("Tupaia montana"). Only very rarely will the rodents fall into the large pitchers of this species. Other large carnivorous plants that have similar properties include Nepenthes robcantleyi and Nepenthes attenboroughi.

[Wikipedia: Riddles in the Sand] Riddles in the Sand is the thirteenth studio album by American popular music singer-songwriter Jimmy Buffett. It was released in September 1984 as MCA 5512 and was produced by noted country music producer Jimmy Bowen and represented a concerted shift toward a more country sound by Buffett. He appeared on the album's cover in typical country singer garb and promoted the album at Fan Fair country music festival in Nashville, Tennessee. The album was originally to have been titled "Gulf and Western Music" reflecting the fusion of musical styles seen in much of Buffett's music often called gulf and western music. In the album's liner notes, Jim Harrison says, "This album has a musical range expanding in an arc from Bob Wills to Bob Marley with the Gulf somehow always there."

[Wikipedia: Ma Boy (TV series)] Ma Boy () is a 2012 South Korean television series starring Kim So-hyun and Sun Woong in the first teen drama aired by Tooniverse. The drama was produced by CJ E&M Pictures and Penta E&C. The OST of the mini series was recorded by girl group CHI CHI.

[Wikipedia: Dunes Hotel and Casino (Atlantic City)] The Dunes Hotel and Casino (Atlantic City) was a proposed hotel and casino that was to be built in Atlantic City, New Jersey in the late 1970s. It was initially proposed to consist of 504 hotel rooms and a 34,500 square foot casino located at Albany Avenue on the Boardwalk. It was to be the southern most hotel/casino on the Boardwalk, adjacent to the Golden Nugget Hotel & Casino. Due to financial and legal difficulties, the hotel was never completed and a casino license was never issued.

[Wikipedia: National League (English football)] The National League is an association football league in England consisting of three divisions, the National League, National League North and National League South. It was called the Alliance Premier League from 1979 until 1986. Between 1986 and 2015, the league was known as the Football Conference. As part of a sponsorship deal with car leasing company Vanarama, the league is known as the Vanarama National League.

[Wikipedia: South Korea] South Korea, officially the Republic of Korea (abbreviated ROK), is a sovereign state in East Asia, constituting the southern part of the Korean Peninsula. Officially, its territory consists of the whole Korean Peninsula and its adjacent islands, which are largely mountainous. South Koreans lead a distinctive urban lifestyle, as half of them live in high-rises concentrated in the Seoul Capital Area with 25 million residents. The capital Seoul is the world's sixth leading global city with the fifth largest economy and is the seventh most sustainable city in the world.

[Wikipedia: Ben Folds Five (album)] Ben Folds Five is the self-titled debut studio album by American alternative rock band Ben Folds Five, released in 1995. A non-traditional rock album, it featured an innovative indie-pop sound, and excluded lead guitars completely. The album was released on the small independent label Passenger Records, owned by Caroline Records, a subsidiary of Virgin/EMI. "Ben Folds Five" received positive reviews, and spawned five singles. The record failed to chart, but sparked an intense bidding war eventually won by Sony Music. Several live versions of songs originally released on "Ben Folds Five" reappeared later as b-sides or on compilations.

[Wikipedia: Giovanni Moreno] Giovanni Andrés Moreno Cardona (born 1 July 1986) is a Colombian footballer who plays for and captains Chinese Super League club Shanghai Greenland Shenhua where he primarily operates as an attacking midfielder.

[Wikipedia: Traders (season 4)] This is a list of episodes for Traders, a Canadian television drama series, which was broadcast on Global Television Network from 1996 to 2000. The show was set in a Bay Street investment bank, Gardner Ross. Bruce Gray and Sonja Smits starred as the firm's senior partners, Adam Cunningham and Sally Ross. The cast also included Patrick McKenna, David Cubitt, Rick Roberts, Chris Leavins, Gabriel Hogan, David Hewlett, Peter Stebbings and Alex Carter.

[Wikipedia: Greg Zacharias] Dr. Greg Zacharias is the current Chief Scientist of the United States Air Force. The position of the Chief Scientist was created over 60 years ago to provide independent scientific advice to the Secretary of the Air Force and the Chief of Staff of the Air Force, as well as to its senior leadership. In this role, he works with the top scientists and engineers within the Air Force as well as in academia, industry, and the other armed services to ensure that the Air Force's research and development efforts remain relevant and effective. Additionally, as the Chief Scientist he responds to any tasking from the Secretary of the Air Force and the Air Force Chief of Staff on issues or opportunities of a scientific and technical nature that may arise. He also interacts with other services and the Office of the Secretary of Defense on issues affecting the Air Force in-house technical enterprise. He serves on the Executive Committee of the Air Force Scientific Advisory Board. He is the principal science and technology representative of the Air Force to the civilian scientific and engineering community and to the public at large.

[Wikipedia: List of WWE Raw Tag Team Champions] The WWE Raw Tag Team Championship is a professional wrestling world tag team championship contested in WWE on the Raw brand. Introduced in 2002 as the WWE Tag Team Championship, it was WWE's third world tag team title, and seventh tag team title overall. After WWE bought the promotions of Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW) and World Championship Wrestling (WCW), and unified the WCW Tag Team Championship into its own title at Survivor Series 2001, it split its roster into two brands, Raw and SmackDown, in a brand extension. As a result of this, WWE's original World Tag Team Championship was designated exclusive to the Raw brand, leaving SmackDown without a tag team championship. Soon afterward, the WWE Tag Team Championship was introduced onto the SmackDown brand.

[Wikipedia: Minda Poochakku Kalyanam] Minda Poochakku Kalyanam is a 1990 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Alleppey Ashraf, starring Suresh Gopi and Lissy Priyadarsan in the lead roles. The film is a remake of Hindi film Chitchor(1976) which was later remade again as Main Prem Ki Diwani Hoon (2003).

[Wikipedia: Beverly Grove, Los Angeles] Beverly Grove is a small neighborhood in the central region of the City of Los Angeles, California, abutting Beverly Hills and West Hollywood. There is one private elementary school. It is home to shopping and fashion districts, Cedars-Sinai Medical Center, the Four Seasons Hotel Los Angeles at Beverly Hills, Sofitel Los Angeles, SLS Hotel at Beverly Hills, the eight-story Beverly Center, and the Robertson Blvd. retail district.

[Wikipedia: Sandesaya] Sandesaya (Sinhalese language word meaning "The Message") is a 1960 film. The film based on the war between the Sri Lankan people and the Portuguese invaders in Sri Lanka. It was directed by Sri Lankan film director Lester James Peries. It was produced by K. Gunaratnam on behalf of the Cinemas Company on the request of Raj Kapoor.

[Wikipedia: Merpcon] MerpCon is an acronym for "Middle-Earth Role Playing Convention", a role playing game convention dedicated solely to role-playing gaming in J.R.R. Tolkien's Middle-earth. The event is held annually on the last weekend of July and runs for 3 days from Friday, through to the end of Sunday (and sometimes a little into the following Monday morning). To date MerpCon has been held each year in Spokane, WA, USA. Beginning in 2009 MerpCon began to transition to being called Tolkienmoot as this convention's venue began to expand to include more Tolkien-related activities, events, and guests beyond just role playing in Middle-earth.

[Wikipedia: Passion (musical)] Passion is a one-act musical, with music and lyrics by Stephen Sondheim and a book by James Lapine. The story was adapted from Ettore Scola's film "Passione d'Amore", itself adapted from the novel "Fosca" by Iginio Ugo Tarchetti. Central themes include love, sex, obsession, illness, passion, beauty, power and manipulation. "Passion" is notable for being one of the few projects that Stephen Sondheim himself conceived, along with "Sweeney Todd" and "Road Show".

[Wikipedia: Slide Along Side] "Slide Along Side" is a song recorded by Shifty Shellshock. It was released in June 2004 as the lead single from his debut album "Happy Love Sick".

[Wikipedia: Hunchun] Hunchun is a county-level city in the Yanbian Korean Autonomous Prefecture, far eastern Jilin province, Northeast China. It borders North Korea (North Hamgyong province) and Russia (Primorsky Krai), has over 250,000 inhabitants, and covers 5,145 square kilometers. It was capital of Balhae/Bohai Kingdom between 785-793 as "Dongyang". The city's name Hunchun comes from the Manchu language meaning "borderland".

[Wikipedia: Songs About Me] Songs About Me is the seventh studio album of country music singer Trace Adkins. It was released on March 22, 2005 on Capitol Records Nashville. His highest-selling album to date, it has been certified 2× Platinum by the RIAA and had sold 1.5 million copies. Singles from this album include the title track, Arlington, and Honky Tonk Badonkadonk. The title track and "Honky Tonk Badonkadonk" both went to No.2 and Arlington went to No.16 on the U.S. "Billboard"Hot Country Songs charts. "Honky Tonk Badonkadonk" was also a Top 40 hit on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and Pop 100 as well.

[Wikipedia: Tow-in surfing] Tow-in surfing is a surfing technique which uses artificial assistance to allow the surfer to catch faster moving waves than was traditionally possible when paddling by hand. Tow-in surfing was invented by surfers who wanted to catch big waves and break the 30 foot barrier. It has been one of the biggest breakthroughs in surfing history.

[Wikipedia: Lucker] Lucker is a village in the north-east of England. It is about 5 miles from Bamburgh (known for Bamburgh Castle). It has an inn, (The Apple Inn), and a church by the name of St Hilda's.

[Wikipedia: Jai Ho (song)] "Jai Ho" is a song composed by A. R. Rahman for the 2008 film, "Slumdog Millionaire". When Danny Boyle, the director of "Slumdog Millionaire", approached Rahman to compose its soundtrack, he included the song. "Jai Ho" accompanies a choreographed dance sequence at the end credits of "Slumdog Millionaire". The song features vocals from Sukhvinder Singh, Mahalaxmi Iyer and Vijay Prakash in Hindi, Urdu and Punjabi. Indian singer Tanvi Shah wrote and provided vocals for a Spanish section of the song. "Jai Ho" is a Hindi phrase which can be roughly translated as "Let [the] victory prevail", "Let there be victory", or "May there always be victory".

[Wikipedia: Elanne Starlight] Elanne Starlight is a 2016 Chinese romantic drama film directed by Wang Ziqi and starring Elanne Kong, Lu Yulin, Ye Xinchen, Chen Zeyu, Joe Ma, Anne Heung and Sze Yu. It was released in China by Pearl River Pictures on August 26, 2016.

[Wikipedia: Gunnison, Colorado] The City of Gunnison is the county seat and the most populous municipality of Gunnison County, Colorado, United States. As of the 2010 census, the city had a population of 5,854. It was named in honor of John W. Gunnison, a United States Army officer who surveyed for the transcontinental railroad in 1853. Gunnison is a Home Rule municipality which reserves the right to choose how it is governed.

[Wikipedia: Claiming race] A claiming race in thoroughbred horse racing is one in which the horses are all for sale for more or less the same price (the "claiming price") up until shortly before the race. Race types form a hierarchy in terms of the quality of horse they attract, with handicap races and graded stakes races attracting the "best" horses and maiden races the most unseasoned. Claiming races fall at the bottom of this hierarchy, below maiden races, and make up the bulk of races run at most US tracks. For example in Kentucky in 1999, 54% of all races run were claiming races, but had only 20% of the purse dollar value, the lowest average purse among race types.

[Wikipedia: List of Occupy movement protest locations] The Occupy Wall Street protests have inspired a wide international response. There have been hundreds of Occupy movement protests worldwide over time, intended and organized as non-violent protest. This is a list of some of their locations. Months before the Occupy movement began, the Movimiento 15-M planned to hold events in many nations on October 15, 2011. The Occupy movement joined in and also held many events in many nations on that day. A list of proposed events for the 15 October 2011 global protests listed events in 951 cities in 82 countries. Reportedly the large manifestation in Rome ended in violence. Protest camps were built at many of the protest locations from Honolulu to Zeulenroda, often near banking institutions or stock markets. Many locations had further manifestations at the following weekends until "Guy-Fawkes" day since the Guy Fawkes mask had become protester fashion. Many US-American Occupy groups kept activity alive until spring 2012, some are still active.

[Wikipedia: Alan Schneider] Alan Schneider (December 12, 1917 – May 3, 1984) was an American theatre director responsible for more than 100 theatre productions. In 1984 he was honored with a Drama Desk Special Award for serving a wide range of playwrights. He directed the 1956 American premiere of Samuel Beckett's "Waiting for Godot", Edward Albee's "Who’s Afraid of Virginia Woolf?" and "Tiny Alice"; the American première of Joe Orton's "Entertaining Mr Sloane", Harold Pinter's "The Birthday Party", as well as Pinter's "The Dumb Waiter", "The Collection", and a trilogy of Pinter's plays under the title "Other Places" (including "One for the Road", "Family Voices", and "A Kind of Alaska"); Bertolt Brecht's "The Caucasian Chalk Circle"; "You Know I Can't Hear You When the Water's Running"; and Michael Weller's "Moonchildren" and "Loose Ends".

[Wikipedia: Toolbox (album)] Toolbox is the second solo album by Ian Gillan originally released only in Europe, Japan and Brazil on German label EastWest. It was Gillan's last album before his second comeback with Deep Purple in August 1992. The subsequent mammoth 10-month tour, which crossed Europe and South America, proved Ian Gillan to be a strong live attraction. Although "Toolbox" wasn't a big commercial success it is considered by many as one of Gillan's finest records. The album was finally released domestically in the USA in 1997.

[Wikipedia: Liwonde National Park] Liwonde National Park is a national park in Malawi. It is located on the upper Shire River plain, east of the river, 140 km north of Limbe. Its southern gate lies about 6 km from the town center of Liwonde, and is accessible by bicycle taxi or walking. There are several affordable lodges near this entrance gate, the most famous being Liwonde Safari Camp and Bushmen's Baobab. The one main lodge inside the park is Mvuu (which means "hippo" in Chichewa) Camp. All lodges provide accommodations and game viewing on walking tours, drives, and boat/canoe trips. The park is home to several species of antelope (impala, kudu, waterbuck, etc.), elephants, buffalo, crocodiles, hippopotamus and many other mammals. Also there are more than 400 species of bird found in this park.

[Wikipedia: List of Kings Island attractions] Kings Island is a 364 acre theme park located in Mason, Ohio, 24 mi northeast of Cincinnati. Since the opening of the amusement park in 1972, at least one attraction has been added every year except 1978, 1980, 1983, and 2008. The park is known to have attractions such as Flight of Fear which was the world's first linear induction motor launched roller coaster, and The Beast which has held the record for the world's longest wooden roller coaster since its opening in 1979. Also, The Beast continues to be ranked as one of the best wooden roller coasters in the world by industry polls. Kings Island's newest attraction is Mystic Timbers, a wooden roller coaster manufactured by Great Coasters International. With this addition, Kings Island claimed the record for most wooden roller coaster track of any amusement park in the world, and tied the record for most wooden roller coasters, with five.

[Wikipedia: No Surprises] "No Surprises" is a song by the English alternative rock band Radiohead, released as the third and final single from their third studio album "OK Computer" (1997) on 12 January 1998. The song was accompanied by a music video featuring a single shot of lead singer Thom Yorke singing karaoke lyrics of the song displayed inside a helmet as it fills up with water. The single peaked at number 4 on the UK Singles Chart.

[Wikipedia: Kang Sung-yeon] Kang Sung-yeon (born July 21, 1976) is a South Korean actress. Kang made her acting debut in 1996 through MBC's Open Recruitment. Although her main profession was acting, she also contributed songs to several soundtracks and released two albums in 2001-2002 under the stage name Bobo. Then in 2005, Kang rose to fame when she played Prince Yeonsan's concubine Jang Nok-su in "King and the Clown", a period film that drew 12.3 admissions, making it (at the time) the highest-grossing domestic film in Korean cinema history. Kang continued to star in television dramas such as "Let's Get Married" (2005), "New Wise Mother, Good Wife" (2007), "Single Dad in Love" (2008), "Tazza" (2008), and "Wife Returns" (2009). From 2012 to 2014, she hosted her own poetry reading program on EBS Radio.

[Wikipedia: Lilly the Witch: The Dragon and the Magic Book] Lilly the Witch – The Dragon and the Magic Book (original title "Hexe Lilli: Der Drache und das magische Buch") is a 2009 German children's film directed by Stefan Ruzowitzky. It is a partly animated comic fantasy based on the books by Knister, who co-wrote the screenplay.

[Wikipedia: Sara Nazarbayeva] Sara Alpysqyzy Nazarbayeva (Kazakh: Сара Алпысқызы Назарбаева ) (born 12 February 1941, in Kzyl-Zhar, present-day Kazakhstan) is the First Lady of Kazakhstan and wife of President Nursultan Nazarbayev. She married Nursultan in 1962 after her graduation. They have three daughters — Dariga, Dinara and Aliya — and as well as six grandchildren and a great granddaughter.

[Wikipedia: Matt Groening] Matthew Abraham "Matt" Groening ( ; born February 15, 1954) is an American cartoonist, writer, producer, animator, and voice actor. He is the creator of the comic strip "Life in Hell" (1977–2012) and the television series "The Simpsons" (1989–present), "Futurama" (1999–2003, 2008–2013), and the upcoming "Disenchantment" (2018). "The Simpsons" has gone on to become the longest-running U.S. primetime-television series in history, as well as the longest-running animated series and sitcom.

[Wikipedia: Covington, Tennessee] Covington is a city in central Tipton County, Tennessee, United States. Covington is the largest city and county seat of Tipton County. The city is located in West Tennessee, 12 mi east of the Mississippi River. The city's population was 9,038 at the time of the 2010 U.S. Census. Located 42 mi northeast of Memphis, Covington is part of the Memphis, Tennessee Metropolitan Area.

[Wikipedia: 2nd APAN Star Awards] The 2nd APAN Star Awards () is an awards ceremony for excellence in television in South Korea. It was held at the Hall of Jeongsimhwa International Cultural Center, Chungnam National University in Daejeon on November 16, 2013 and hosted by T-ara's Park So-yeon and Lee Hwi-jae. The nominees were chosen from 75 Korean dramas that aired from November 1, 2012 to September 30, 2013.

[Wikipedia: Matt Herr] Matthew Gregory Herr (born May 26, 1976 in Hackensack, New Jersey and raised in Alpine, New Jersey ) is a retired American ice hockey forward who played for part of four NHL seasons.

[Wikipedia: Statute Law (Ireland) Revision Act 1872] The Statute Law (Ireland) Revision Act 1872 (35 & 36 Vict c 98) is an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom which repealed, as to Ireland, certain Acts of the Parliament of England which had been extended to Ireland royal writs or acts of the Parliament of Ireland down to Poynings' Law (1495). The act was intended, in particular, to make the revised edition of the statutes already published applicable to Ireland. The repeals largely mirrored those made for England and Wales by the Statute Law Revision Act 1863. The Statute Law (Ireland) Revision Act 1878 repealed acts of the Parliament of Ireland.

[Wikipedia: Variable universal life insurance] Variable universal life insurance (often shortened to VUL) is a type of life insurance that builds a cash value. In a VUL, the cash value can be invested in a wide variety of separate accounts, similar to mutual funds, and the choice of which of the available separate accounts to use is entirely up to the contract owner. The 'variable' component in the name refers to this ability to invest in separate accounts whose values vary—they vary because they are invested in stock and/or bond markets. The 'universal' component in the name refers to the flexibility the owner has in making premium payments. The premiums can vary from nothing in a given month up to maximums defined by the Internal Revenue Code for life insurance. This flexibility is in contrast to whole life insurance that has fixed premium payments that typically cannot be missed without lapsing the policy (although one may exercise an Automatic Premium Loan feature, or surrender dividends to pay a Whole Life premium).

[Wikipedia: Devil's Woodyard] Devil's Woodyard is one of the most visited locations of Trinidad's many mud volcanoes. Located in Hindustand in New Grant near Princes Town, the series of several vents appeared in 1852. As legend goes: "A relatively young volcanic site got its name after its first eruption in 1852. Which shook the entire village and fell the tall trees and frightened the Amerindian villagers. Villagers at the time believed that the devil had come from beneath the earth to fell the woods. The mounds of earth which occasionally bubble and hiss continue to amaze visitors of the site."

[Wikipedia: Marius Kohl] Marius Kohl (born 16 September 1953) is the former chief of the Luxembourg tax agency "Sociétés 6". During his 22-year tenure, he was solely responsible for approving thousands of tax arrangements for foreign companies investing capital in Luxembourg. He retired in 2013. Kohl was known by the nickname "Monsieur Ruling" and

[Wikipedia: Die zärtlichen Verwandten] Die zärtlichen Verwandten (The Tender Kinsfolk, The Tender Relatives) is a 1930 German comedy film directed by Richard Oswald and starring Harald Paulsen, Charlotte Ander and Felix Bressart. The film's art direction was overseen by Franz Schroedter.

[Wikipedia: 1999–2000 Phoenix Coyotes season] The 1999–2000 Phoenix Coyotes season was the Coyotes' fourth season in Phoenix, the franchise's 21st season in the NHL and 28th overall. The Coyotes made the Stanley Cup playoffs, losing in the first round.

[Wikipedia: Education in the British Virgin Islands] Education in the British Virgin Islands is largely free and is a requirement for children ages 5 to 17. The British Virgin Islands has a total of 15 public primary schools and 4 secondary public schools. In addition to the public schools, there are 10 primary private schools and 3 secondary private schools. The School year is from September to June. The British Virgin Islands is a part of the British Overseas Territories and therefore the educational system is very similar to the traditional learning system in the United Kingdom. Primary schools are focused on establishing the basics of an academic curriculum and host students between the ages of 5 to 12. After the completion of Primary school, students move on to Secondary school. Secondary school is for students between the ages of 13 and 17. Following the completion of secondary education, students may write their Caribbean secondary education certificate examination. There are approximately 2,700 students who attend primary school for the first 7 years of their required education, however less than 1,800 students successfully finish the following 5 required years of secondary school and complete their certificate exam. Tertiary Education is by no means required in the British Virgin Islands. Students who chose to continue their education after Secondary Education may move on to an additional 2 years of schooling. After 2 years of Tertiary Education is completed, students may take their Caribbean advanced placement examinations. Passing the exams entitles students the right to continue their studies even further at the University of the Virgin Island. This University is the only tertiary education institution in the British Virgin Islands. At the University, students can obtain associate, bachelors, and master's degrees in the departments of business, education, liberal arts and social sciences, or science and mathematic.

[Wikipedia: Noel M. Smith] Noel Mason Smith (May 22, 1895 – September 20, 1955) was an American film director and writer. He directed 125 films between 1917 and 1952. He was born in Rockland, California, and died in Los Angeles, California.

[Wikipedia: Purchase Records] Purchase Records is a small record label started in 2000 by Joe Ferry, Jim McElwaine, and Karl Kramer, to showcase the talents of the students and faculty at the Purchase College Conservatory of Music. Despite only having released five CDs, the label has already garnered three Grammy nominations for Best Contemporary Folk Album, 2000 ("Public Domain"); Best Classical Vocal Performance, 2001; and Best Classical Keyboard Performance, 2002. Student work featured in the first release, "Public Domain", includes "Mockingbird" by Regina Spektor and "House of the Rising Sun" by Roxy Perry, both of whom have gone on to solo careers.

[Wikipedia: Garcia Plays Dylan] Garcia Plays Dylan is an album composed of various live performances featuring Jerry Garcia playing covers of Bob Dylan songs. It is culled from performances from 1973–1995, and features Garcia playing with Grateful Dead, Legion of Mary, Jerry Garcia Band, and Garcia-Saunders. Garcia takes lead vocals on all tracks.

[Wikipedia: Optimal matching] Optimal matching is a sequence analysis method used in social science, to assess the dissimilarity of ordered arrays of tokens that usually represent a time-ordered sequence of socio-economic states two individuals have experienced. Once such distances have been calculated for a set of observations (e.g. individuals in a cohort) classical tools (such as cluster analysis) can be used. The method was tailored to social sciences from a technique originally introduced to study molecular biology (protein or genetic) sequences (see sequence alignment). Optimal matching uses the Needleman-Wunsch algorithm.

[Wikipedia: I Don't Remember Ever Growing Up] I Don't Remember Ever Growing Up is the final studio album by American pop singer Andy Williams and was released in the UK by the Demon Music Group in 2007. In the liner notes of the album Williams writes, "Over the past few years I have come across songs that I really wanted to record. I picked 13 of my favorites and set out to make a new record." While the title track is the only new song, the other 12 selections were chart hits for other artists or, as is the case with "Desperado" by the Eagles, received critical acclaim without having been released as a single.

[Wikipedia: Rio Hondo (Northern New Mexico)] In northern New Mexico, the Rio Hondo begins high in the Sangre de Cristo Mountains near Taos Ski Valley and flows for approximately 20 mi into the Rio Grande. Portions of the Rio Hondo are prized as prime spots for bird-watching and fishing. The river was the subject of a 2005 study by the New Mexico Environment Department Surface Water Quality Bureau into the effects of wastewater from Taos Ski Valley, which is discharged from the Village of Taos Ski Valley Waste Water Treatment Plant.

[Wikipedia: Frederic Adrian Delano] Frederic Adrian Delano II (September 10, 1863 – March 28, 1953) was an American railroad president born in Manhattan, New York. He was a member of the Delano family as a son of Warren Delano Jr. and Catherine Robbins Lyman, brother of Sara Ann Delano, and uncle of U.S. President Franklin Delano Roosevelt. His philanthropic work through the Commercial Club of Chicago strongly impacted his nephew's Presidential policies. Delano was Chairman of the Committee on the Regional Plan for New York and Its Environs, which released the regional plan for New York on May 27, 1929. He was also a prime organizer of the "Regional Plan for New York and Its Environs," published in 1928. He was also a member of the Commercial Club of Chicago which affected the development of Chicago in the 19th and 20th centuries. Delano was the first vice-chairman of the Federal Reserve and the National Resources Planning Board.

[Wikipedia: Apache Kid Wilderness] Apache Kid Wilderness is a 44626 acre Wilderness area located within the Magdalena Ranger District of the Cibola National Forest in the state of New Mexico. Straddling a southern portion of the San Mateo Mountains of southwestern Socorro County, the area is characterized by rugged, narrow, and steep canyons bisecting high mountain peaks exceeding 10000 ft . The Apache Kid Wilderness lies just south of the Withington Wilderness, which also straddles the San Mateo Mountains. The Apache Kid is also surrounded by 84,527 total acres of Inventoried Roadless Area (IRA) with the San Jose IRA (16,957 acres) to the south and the Apache Kid Contiguous IRA (67,570 acres) to the north, east, and west. Some 68 mi of trails provide access to the Apache Kid Wilderness. The Wilderness was designated by Congress in 1980 and provides outstanding hiking, backpacking, star-gazing, hunting, and horseback-riding opportunities.

[Wikipedia: Pontllanfraith RFC] Pontllanfraith Rugby Football Club is a Welsh rugby union club team based in Pontllanfraith. The club successfully gained membership to the Welsh Rugby Union in 1998. Today, Pontllanfraith RFC is a member of the Welsh Rugby Union and is a feeder club for the Newport Gwent Dragons.

[Wikipedia: Girly Edition] "Girly Edition" is the twenty-first episode in the ninth season of the American animated television series "The Simpsons". It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on April 19, 1998. In the episode, Lisa and Bart Simpson must co-anchor a new news program, though when Bart is seen as a more successful news anchor, Lisa becomes jealous and seeks revenge. Meanwhile, in the subplot, Homer Simpson gets a monkey helper because of his laziness. "Girly Edition" was the first episode written by Larry Doyle and was directed by Mark Kirkland. Much of the subplot was inspired by the film "Monkey Shines". Critics gave the episode positive reviews and it was well received by Lisa's voice actress Yeardley Smith.

[Wikipedia: Love in the Future] Love in the Future is the fourth studio album by American singer John Legend. The album was released on August 30, 2013. The album, executive produced by Legend, Kanye West and Dave Tozer, features guest appearances from Kimbra, Rick Ross, Stacy Barthe and Seal. The album was supported by four official singles, "Who Do We Think We Are", "Made to Love", "All of Me" and "You & I (Nobody in the World)". Upon its release "Love in the Future" received generally positive reviews from music critics. The album debuted at number four on the US "Billboard" 200 chart, selling 68,000 copies in its first week.

[Wikipedia: I&quot;s] I"s (アイズ , Aizu ) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Masakazu Katsura. The story's main character is 16-year-old high school student Ichitaka Seto who is in love with his classmate Iori Yoshizuki, but too shy to tell her. Again and again he plans to tell her his true feelings, but each time something (usually a misunderstanding of some kind) gets in the way. Things become even more complicated when Itsuki Akiba returns to Japan; she is a girl Ichitaka was friends with in their childhood before she moved to the United States, and who had a huge crush on him.

[Wikipedia: Babubhaibokhiria] Babubhai Bokhiria (born 12 March 1953) is a part of the Council of Ministers of Gujarat in 13th Gujarat Legislative Assembly of the Indian state of Gujarat. He is a cabinet minister of Water Resources (except Kalpsar project), Agriculture, Animal Husbandry, Fisheries and Cow protection in the 13th Gujarat Legislative Assembly.

[Wikipedia: Die Männer der Emden] Die Männer der Emden is a 2012 German film directed and co-written by Berengar Pfahl that is an account of members of the crew of SMS "Emden" making their way back to Germany after the Battle of Cocos. The film was shot in Greece, Sri Lanka, Tunisia, Malta and Germany and appeared as both a miniseries and a feature film.

[Wikipedia: Dorothy Dorow] Dorothy Dorow (22 August 1930 - 15 April 2017) was an English soprano. Dorow debuted in London in 1958. She has sung world-premieres of works by such composers as György Ligeti, Hans Werner Henze, Luigi Dallapiccola, Sylvano Bussotti and Luigi Nono. She is also noted for her performances of the vocal works of Igor Stravinsky. Dorow performed internationally including at the Kraków Philharmonic.

[Wikipedia: Bobby Fuller Died for Your Sins] Bobby Fuller Died for Your Sins is an album by recording artist and singer/songwriter Chuck Prophet. It was released on February 10, 2017 on Yep Roc Records. Chuck Prophet has described the album as :California Noir", elaborating: "the state has always represented the Golden Dream, and it's the tension between romance and reality that lurks underneath the surface in all noir films and paperbacks, and that connects these songs. Doomed love, inconsolable loneliness, rags to riches to rags again, and fast-paced violence are always on the menu on the Left Coast." The title of the album refers to the mystery long surrounding Bobby Fuller, a well regarded musician in the mid-1960s. Found dead in his car at 23 years old, his death was ruled a suicide but still the topic of controversy, doubt and speculation.

[Wikipedia: Nurse stereotypes] A stereotype is a generalized idea or image about a particular person or thing that is often oversimplified and offensive. Stereotypes are victim of prejudice when negative portrayals of a group are untrue of individual members. Nursing has been stereotyped throughout the history of the profession. A common misconception is that all nurses are female; this has led to the stereotype of male nurses as effeminate. These generalized ideas of the nursing profession have formed a skewed image of nurses in the media. The image of a nurse projected by the media is typically of a young white single female being over-sexualized as well as diminished intellectually; this idea is then portrayed in get-well cards, television shows and novels. The over-sexualized nurse is commonly referred to as a naughty nurse and is shown as a sex symbol or nymphomaniac. Along with these common stereotypes, studies have identified several other popular images used in media such as handmaiden, angel, torturer, homosexual male, alcoholic, buffoon and woman in white. Common stereotypes of nursing and portrayal of these misconceptions have fueled a discussion on the effects they have on the profession, harmful or good.

[Wikipedia: Tommie Smith] Tommie C. Smith (born June 6, 1944) is an American former track & field athlete and wide receiver in the American Football League. At the 1968 Summer Olympics, Smith, aged 24, won the 200-meter sprint finals and gold medal in 19.83 seconds – the first time the 20-second barrier was broken legally. His Black Power salute with John Carlos atop the medal podium to protest the harsh, and sometimes deadly discrimination against African-Americans because of their skin color in the United States caused controversy as it was seen as politicizing the Olympic Games. It remains a symbolic moment in the history of the Black Power movement.

[Wikipedia: Lot in Islam] Lut ibn Haran (Arabic: لوط‎ , "Lūṭ " ‎ ), known as Lot in the Old Testament, is a prophet of God in the Quran. He also appears in the Bible, but the biblical stories of Lot are not entirely accepted within Islam. According to Islamic tradition, Lot lived in Ur and was the son of Haran and nephew of Abraham. He migrated with Abraham to Canaan. He was bestowed as a prophet to the cities of Sodom and Gomorrah. He was commanded by God to go to the land of Sodom and Gomorrah to preach to his people on monotheism and to stop them from their lustful and violent acts. According to both the Quran and the Hebrew Bible, Lot's messages were ignored by the inhabitants and Sodom and Gomorrah were subsequently destroyed. Their sites cannot be exactly located, but it may be supposed that they were somewhere in the plain east of the Dead Sea or underneath its current limits. Lot's story is traditionally presented as an Islamic view against rape and homosexual acts.

[Wikipedia: Fiske O'Hara] Fiske O'Hara (March 11, 1878, Rockland, Maine – July 12, 1945, Hollywood, California) was an American singer and actor who was nicknamed the "Irish Tenor".

[Wikipedia: Book of Dragons] Book of Dragons is a computer-animated/2D-animated short film based on the "How to Train Your Dragon" franchise. It was produced by DreamWorks Animation and directed by Steve Hickner. The short was released on November 15, 2011, on DVD and Blu-ray, along with "Gift of the Night Fury", another short film based on the "Dragons".

[Wikipedia: Reindeer Act] The Reindeer Act or Reindeer Industry Act of 1937 is a United States federal law passed in 1937 by the U.S. Congress and signed into law by President Franklin D. Roosevelt on September 1 of that year. The act effectively prohibited the ownership of reindeer herds in Alaska by non-Native Americans. The act was intended to provide for Alaskan natives and to allow them to establish a self-sustaining industry. Authority to promulgate rules regarding the ownership and maintenance of reindeer herds was delegated to the Bureau of Indian Affairs via the Secretary of the Interior, who banned most transactions to non-natives. The act was modeled in part on Norwegian and Swedish policies on the ownership of reindeer by the Sami people of Lapland. Many Sami had arrived in Alaska to manage the reindeer in the 1930s. The Alaskan Sami were required to sell their herds to the government, and many left Alaska after doing so.

[Wikipedia: Output Recordings] Output Recordings was a British independent record label run by Trevor Jackson, between 1996 and 2006. Output released 100 records over the ten-year period, and several bands first appeared on this label, including Fridge, Lisa Germano, Four Tet, Black Strobe, Colder, LCD Soundsystem, and Jackson's own Playgroup.

[Wikipedia: Collected (Black 'n Blue album)] Collected is a five disc Black 'N Blue box set, released in 2005, with 4 audio CDs and one DVD. This release contains the first four studio albums released by the hard rock/ glam metal band, Black 'n Blue. The DVD contains an entire live concert performed by Black 'n Blue, containing most of Black 'n Blue's hits, while also including a few songs that were never released on any Black 'n Blue disc. These include "Run Run", "Summer Heat", and "Rock n' Roll Animals", which later became "Knocking On Heaven's Door".

[Wikipedia: Mini Rover ROV] The Mini Rover ROV was the world's first small, low cost remotely operated underwater vehicle (ROV) when it was introduced in early 1983. After a demonstration to industry professionals, in the Spring of 1984, it blew the remotely operated vehicle market wide open. It is a self-propelled, tethered, free swimming vehicle that was designed and built by Chris Nicholson of Deep Sea Systems International, Inc. (DSSI). The Mini Rover ROV defined low cost with a price tag of $26,850 when the next lowest cost ROV was $100,000. Nicholson built the first Mini Rover ROV in his garage in Falmouth, MA. It was 26 inches long and weighed 55 pounds. It could be carried on airplanes as luggage.

[Wikipedia: PricewaterhouseCoopers] PricewaterhouseCoopers (doing business as PwC) is a multinational professional services network headquartered in London, United Kingdom. It is the second largest professional services firm in the world, and is one of the Big Four auditors, along with Deloitte, EY and KPMG. Vault Accounting 50 has ranked PwC as the most prestigious accounting firm in the world for seven consecutive years, as well as the top firm to work for in North America for three consecutive years.

[Wikipedia: Northern mockingbird] The northern mockingbird ("Mimus polyglottos") is the only mockingbird commonly found in North America. This bird is mainly a permanent resident, but northern birds may move south during harsh weather. This species has rarely been observed in Europe.

[Wikipedia: Break the World] "Break the World" is the lead single by alternative rock band Nine Lashes from their third album, "From Water to War". It was released on October 29, 2013 by Tooth & Nail Records. The song was the No. 1 "Billboard" Christian Rock song on January 25, 2014 chart.

[Wikipedia: Priestman Brothers] Priestman Brothers was an engineering company based in Kingston upon Hull, England that manufactured diggers, dredgers, cranes and other industrial machinery. In the later 1900s the company also produced the Priestman Oil Engine, an early design of oil fuelled internal combustion engine.

[Wikipedia: Todai (restaurant)] Todai is a restaurant chain based in the United States. As of 2016, the chain had over 19 restaurants in the United States, 7 restaurants in South Korea, one restaurant in Hong Kong, one restaurant in Canada, one restaurant in Indonesia, one restaurant in Singapore and one restaurant in Malaysia.

[Wikipedia: Saving Forever] Saving Forever is an American pop rock band from South Chicago, Illinois made up of brothers Khaden (born 2004), Kye (born 2002) and Kavah Harris (born 2001). The trio released "Twenty 1" followed by the single "Million Ways" in 2017 accompanied by a music video. The sibling band comes from a very musical family. It was picked as Elvis Duran's Artist of the Month and was featured on NBC's "Today" show hosted by Kathie Lee Gifford and Hoda Kotb and broadcast nationally where they performed live their single "Million Ways".

[Wikipedia: Candice Swanepoel] Candice Susan Swanepoel ( ; ] ; born 20 October 1988) is a South African top model, best known for her work with Victoria's Secret. In 2016, she came in 8th on the "Forbes" top-earning models list.

[Wikipedia: Artful Dodger] Jack Dawkins, better known as the Artful Dodger, is a character in the Charles Dickens novel "Oliver Twist". Dodger is a pickpocket, so called for his skill and cunning in that respect. He is the leader of the gang of child criminals, trained by the elderly Fagin.

[Wikipedia: Gerry DeVeaux] Gerry DeVeaux is an award winning songwriter/producer and style guru. DeVeaux is a contributing editor for UK style magazine Tatler. He was style consultant for MTV Networks co hosting shows like MTV Style and contributing to shows like "Who Wore What". He was Creative Director and Judge on the show "Britain's Next Top Model" and Style Director and judge for "Scandinavia’s Next Top Model".

[Wikipedia: Crescograph] A crescograph is a device for measuring growth in plants. It was invented in the early 20th century by Sir Jagadish Chandra Bose.

[Wikipedia: Pre-Marx socialists] While Marxism had a significant impact on socialist thought, pre-Marxist thinkers (before Karl Marx wrote on the subject) have advocated socialism in forms both similar and in stark contrast to Marx and Engels' conception of socialism, advocating some form of collective ownership over large-scale production, worker-management within the workplace, or in some cases, a form of planned economy.

[Wikipedia: Neoscona arabesca] Neoscona arabesca is a common orb-weaver spider found throughout the United States and Canada. Often called the "arabesque orbweaver," after the cryptic, brightly-colored, swirling markings on its prominent abdomen, this spider can be found in fields, forests, gardens, and on human structures. "Neoscona" species are among the most common and abundant orb weavers and are found on all continents. Females range in size from 5-7 mm and males 5-6 mm .

[Wikipedia: Cyprian and Daphrose Rugamba] Cyprian (ca. 1935–1994) and Daphrose Rugamba (ca. 1944–1994) are a married couple from Rwanda, who introduced the Catholic Charismatic Renewal and the Emmanuel Community to their country in 1990, and were assassinated in the Rwandan genocide of 1994. The cause for their canonization in the Catholic Church was opened in 2015.

[Wikipedia: 93rd United States Congress] The Ninety-third United States Congress was a meeting of the legislative branch of the United States federal government, composed of the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives. It met in Washington, DC from January 3, 1973, to January 3, 1975, during the end of Richard Nixon's presidency, and the beginning of Gerald Ford's. This Congress was the first (and, to date, only) Congress with more than two Senate Presidents (the Vice President of the United States), in this case, three. After the resignation of Spiro Agnew, Gerald Ford was appointed under the authority of the newly ratified 25th Amendment. Ford became President the next year and Nelson Rockefeller was appointed in his place. The apportionment of seats in the House of Representatives was based on the Nineteenth Census of the United States in 1970. Both chambers had a Democratic majority.

[Wikipedia: Connecticut attorney general election, 2010] The 2010 Connecticut attorney general election was held on Tuesday, November 2, 2010 to elect the 24th attorney general of the state of Connecticut. Five-term incumbent Attorney General Richard Blumenthal declined to seek re-election in 2010, instead opting to run for Connecticut’s open U.S. Senate seat held by the retiring Christopher Dodd. Blumenthal's decision not to seek a sixth term set-up the first open race for attorney general in the state since Blumenthal's election in 1990.

[Wikipedia: Rebecca Rigg] Rebecca Rigg (born 31 December 1967) is an Australian actress, best known for her roles in "Fatty Finn" and "Ellie Parker".

[Wikipedia: Air Vegas] Air Vegas (IATA: 6V, ICAO: VGA, Call sign: Air Vegas) was an airline with its headquarters on the grounds of the North Las Vegas Air Terminal in North Las Vegas, Nevada. It operated daily sightseeing flights from Las Vegas to the Grand Canyon. Prior to moving to the North Las Vegas Airport its main bases were McCarran International Airport (LAS), Las Vegas and Henderson Executive Airport (HND), Las Vegas.

[Wikipedia: Datalogix] Datalogix is a consumer data collection company based in Denver, Colorado. Datalogix provides online, direct mail, and mobile services to their clients. The company's primary objective is to obtain and track offline and online data purchasing behavioral patterns, with the use of information obtained from retailers' loyalty card programs. This information is used to help advertisers maximize ad campaigns that will potentially increase profits. However, Datalogix clients extend further than retail stores, as some of their clients include grocers, travel agencies, Pepsico, Ford, and the Dr. Pepper Snapple Group. After consumer spending behaviors are measured, the information is sold to advertising companies and publishers, such as Facebook and Google. Advertisers then use the information obtained to tailor online ads based on what a consumer purchases offline, with the belief that a consumer is likely to purchase more of a particular offline item, if they see more advertisements for that product online. The advertisers also use this information to reach new or existing customers. In turn, publishers use the data from companies, such as Datalogix, to determine the amount of profit advertisers earned and to convince them to purchase more ads that will feature on their websites. Advertisers and publishers frequently use Datalogix to help increase profits, as the use of digital media continues to expand.

[Wikipedia: John Richard Anthony Oldfield] John "Jack" Richard Anthony Oldfield (5 July 1899 – 11 December 1999), was a British landowner and politician.

[Wikipedia: Derek Currie] Derek Currie was one of the first of three professionals to play in Asia when Hong Kong introduced professional football in 1970. Currie arrived in September 1970 along with fellow Scottsmen, Walter Gerrard and Jackie Trainer. Currie was also the first overseas professional to win the top goalscoring award in 1972 in Hong Kong. In 1978, he became the first professional to play for the Hong Kong National side and was followed by fellow professional, David Anderson and both competed for Hong Kong in the Asian Cup qualifying in Bangkok in 1979. By scoring against Sri Lanka, Currie was the first overseas professional to score in an International for the Hong Kong National side. During a three-month spell in San Antonio for the San Antonio Thunder in the NASL, Currie scored the official first goal in the Bicentennial League against St. Louis All-Stars, He scored both goals in their 2-1 win at the Alamo Stadium. Currie retired in 1982, playing his final farewell game against German side, VfB Stuttgart in Hong Kong.

[Wikipedia: Ip Man (TV series)] Ip Man is a 2013 Chinese television series romanticising the life of Ip Man (Mandarin: Ye Wen), a Chinese martial artist specialising in Wing Chun. Directed by Fan Xiaotian, the series starred Hong Kong actor Kevin Cheng as the title character, with Han Xue, Liu Xiaofeng, Chrissie Chau, Song Yang, Yu Rongguang, Yuen Wah and Bruce Leung as part of the supporting cast. Wilson Yip, the director of the films "Ip Man" and "Ip Man 2" (starring Donnie Yen), and Taiwanese producer Young Pei-pei served as the artistic consultants for the series, while Ip Man's sons, Ip Chun and Ip Ching, served as the martial arts consultants. The series was shot from July–November 2012 in Kunshan, Suzhou, and was first aired on Shandong TV from 24 February to 9 March 2013. It won the Golden Eagle Award for Best Television Series in 2012.

[Wikipedia: Julie Frost] Julie Frost is an American songwriter, singer, guitar player and music producer. She is also the founder of the non-profit "Songs For Elephants", with the mission to help mobilize the music and entertainment industry in support of the world's elephants. She is the second American songwriter to win the Eurovision Song Contest, as co-writer of the song "Satellite", which won the contest for Germany. Frost wrote the hook for Black Eyed Peas' multi-platinum single "Just Can't Get Enough", the hook for Pitbull's "Castle Made of Sand", and Flo Rida's "Sweet Spot". She also co-wrote Beyoncé's single "Countdown", Ed Sheeran's "Kiss Me", Marina and the Diamonds's "Primadonna", and Madonna's song "Masterpiece", from the soundtrack of her movie "W.E.", and won a Golden Globe award for best original song in a soundtrack. Most recently, Frost wrote the end credit song and lead single for the "Endless Love" Soundtrack performed by Tegan and Sara and co-wrote "Lift Me Up" featuring Nico and Vinz and Ladysmith Black Mambazo on Guetta's album "Listen", and co-wrote Charlie Puth's single "Marvin Gaye" with Charlie Puth featuring Meghan Trainor.

[Wikipedia: Bure Family Wines] Bure Family Wines is a winery in St. Helena, California, United States. It is a partnership between husband and wife Valeri Bure and Candace Cameron Bure and friend Joshua Peeples. Valeri has always had an interest in wine and after a back injury in 2005 that took him away from hockey, Bure was able to focus on his passion for wine and the business started after a trip to Napa Valley and meeting with Joshua Peeples at his family's winery. Luc Morlet is the winemaker for the label. Morlet works with many other high end estates in Napa Valley.

[Wikipedia: Where We Are Tour (One Direction)] The Where We Are Tour was the third headlining concert tour by English-Irish boy band One Direction. The concert tour visited stadiums from April through October 2014 with addition to special performances in Las Vegas on 20 September 2014 for the iHeartRadio Music Festival. The concert tour officially kicked off on 25 April 2014 at El Campín Stadium in Bogotá, Colombia and concluded on 5 October 2014 at Sun Life Stadium in Miami, Florida. It promoted the band's third studio album, "Midnight Memories", also announced along with the tour. Australian pop/rock band 5 Seconds of Summer served as opening act for UK, European and US tour dates. The tour grossed $290 million in sales after 69 performances with total attendance of 3.4 million. It became the 16th highest-grossing concert tour of all time.

[Wikipedia: Reggie Redbird] Reggie Redbird is the mascot for Illinois State University located in Normal, Illinois. Reggie is present at all home football games, women's' volleyball matches, men's basketball games, women's' basketball games, and appears at various other athletic events. Reggie also does numerous of appearances at schools and events within the Twin Cities,the state of Illinois, and the country.

[Wikipedia: Labette County, Kansas] Labette County (county code LB) is a county located in the U.S. state of Kansas. As of the 2010 census, the county population was 21,607. Its county seat is Oswego, and its most populous city is Parsons. The county was named after LaBette creek, the second-largest creek in the county, which runs roughly NNW-SSE from near Parsons to Chetopa. The creek in turn was named after French-Canadian fur trapper Pierre LaBette who had moved to the area, living along the Neosho River, and marrying into the Osage tribe in the 1830s and 1840s.

[Wikipedia: Somebody's Gotta Go] "Somebody's Gotta Go" is a 1945 song by Cootie Williams and His Orchestra. With vocals performed by Eddie Vinson, the single was Cootie Williams' most successful entry on the Harlem Hit Parade, hitting number one on the Harlem Hit Parade. "Somebody's Gotta Go" was the final number one on The Harlem Hit Parade chart.

[Wikipedia: David Catapano] David Catapano is an American celebrity chef, professional poker player, and reality television personality. He is known for his mastery in Italian Cuisine and his self-developed "Twisted Mediterranean" style. However, he is most notable for having appeared on a wide variety of cooking TV shows, including the long-running FoodyTV show "Italian Style with Chef Catman" and "Food Network" shows such as iron chef and chopped. Over the years he pioneered several catchphrases, including "My Kitchen, My rules!", "Bada Bing!" and "Why, No?" Catapano is an avid poker player and has played professionally and for large charity events. Sometimes billed a Celebrity Poker Player because of his chef profile.

[Wikipedia: Haji Alakbar Mosque] Haji Alakbar Mosque (Azerbaijani: "Hacı Ələkbər məscidi" ) is an Azerbaijani mosque located in Fizuli, Karabakh region of Azerbaijan southwest of capital Baku but is currently under control of Armenian forces since the occupation of Fizuli in 1993. The mosque is also spelt as Haji Alekber Mosque. The region of Fizuli came into existence as administrative unit in 1827. The Haji Alakbar mosque was constructed in 1890 by renowned architect of the time Karbalayi Safikhan Karabakhi who also built Yukhari Govhar Agha Mosque and Ashaghi Govhar Agha Mosque in Shusha, Agdam Mosque in Agdam, mosques in Horadiz and Qocahmadli villages, Tatar mosque in Odessa, Ukraine and Qababaghlilar Mosque in Ashgabat, Turkmenistan. This monument of Islamic architecture is among 300 religious monuments of Karabakh and is famous for its structure along with Qiyas ad Din Mosque, also located in Fizuli. The current condition of the mosque is unknown due to ongoing occupation of Fizuli by Armenian armed forces. It is suspected that the mosques were destroyed by Armenians after 1993.

[Wikipedia: S.mouse] Shwayne Booth Jr., known as S.mouse (later as S.mouse!), is a fictional character from the Australian mockumentary television series, "Angry Boys". The character is portrayed by Chris Lilley, who wears a curly wig and blackface makeup. He has appeared in "Angry Boys" since the second episode. He is an African American rapper who lives in Calabasas, California. In the second episode, S.mouse is introduced as the rapper who just released the biggest selling hip-hop single of all time, "Slap My Elbow". Later in the show, S.mouse is put under house arrest at his parent's home for two months, after defecating on a police car in the music video for his single "Poo on You". He also gets dropped from his record label after another one of his videos, Grandmother Fucker, receives many complaints.

[Wikipedia: Memphis metropolitan area] The Memphis-Forrest City Combined Statistical Area, TN-MS-AR (CSA) is the commercial and cultural hub of The Mid-South or Ark-Miss-Tenn. The census defined combined statistical area covers ten counties in three states – Tennessee, Mississippi, and Arkansas. As of census 2010 the MSA had a population of 1,324,108 . The Forrest City Micropolitan area was added to the Memphis area in 2012 to form the Memphis-Forrest City Combined Statistical area and had a population of 1,369,548 according to census estimates. The greater Mid-South area as a whole has a population of 2.4 million according to 2013 census estimates. This area is covered by Memphis local news channels and includes the Missouri Bootheel, Northeast Arkansas, West Tennessee, and North Mississippi.

[Wikipedia: Dumb and Dumberer: When Harry Met Lloyd] Dumb and Dumberer: When Harry Met Lloyd is a 2003 American comedy film. It is the second film in the "Dumb and Dumber" film series and a prequel to the 1994 film "Dumb and Dumber". The film was directed by Troy Miller and based on the characters created by the Farrelly brothers from the original film. The film was poorly received by critics; however, it was a modest domestic box office success considering its budget, taking in just under $40 million. The subtitle is inspired by the film "When Harry Met Sally...".

[Wikipedia: Faith No More] Faith No More (sometimes abbreviated as FNM) is an American rock band from San Francisco, California, formed in 1979. Before settling on their current name in 1982, the band performed under the names Sharp Young Men and later Faith No Man. Bassist Billy Gould and drummer Mike Bordin are the longest remaining members of the band, having been involved with Faith No More since its inception. The band underwent several lineup changes early in their career, along with some major changes later on. The current lineup of Faith No More consists of Gould, Bordin, keyboardist Roddy Bottum, guitarist Jon Hudson and vocalist Mike Patton.

[Wikipedia: Hyperion Tower] The Hyperion Tower (Korean: 하이페리온 타워), also known as the Mok-dong Hyperion Towers, is a group of three buildings located in the Yangcheon-gu district of Seoul, South Korea, completed in 2003. The tallest of which, Tower A, is 69 storeys and 256 metres (840 feet) high, making it the second tallest building in Seoul and the world's 214th tallest building. The towers are used as residential housing. Tower A is the world's 19th tallest residential building. Below the building is the Hyundai Department store, a chain of high end department stores in South Korea. At the time of its completion, the building was the tallest in the country but was surpassed by Samsung Tower Palace 3 – Tower G in 2004.

[Wikipedia: Mário Neto] Mário Neto, known as Sukata (born 1974 in Brasília, Brazil) is a Brazilian mixed martial artist with a record of 12-5. He is now in his 15th year as a mixed martial artist with a victory over UFC veterans Seth Petruzelli, Travis Fulton and Gary Goodridge. Neto last defeated Dave Keeley by submission due to a guillotine choke at RFC - Recife Fighting Championship 5 in 2011.

[Wikipedia: Gay Mitchell] Gabriel "Gay" Mitchell (born 30 December 1951) is an Irish former Fine Gael politician. He was a Member of the European Parliament (MEP) for the Dublin constituency from 2004 to 2014. He was a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Dublin South-Central constituency from 1981 to 2007. He was defeated by Enda Kenny in the 2002 Fine Gael leadership election. Mitchell was the Fine Gael candidate at the 2011 Irish presidential election.

[Wikipedia: IRT Lexington Avenue Line] The Lexington Avenue Line (also known as the East Side Line) is one of the lines of the IRT division of the New York City Subway, stretching from Downtown Brooklyn or Lower Manhattan north to 125th Street in East Harlem. The portion in Lower and Midtown Manhattan was part of the city's first subway line. The line is served by the trains .

[Wikipedia: Vespinae] The subfamily Vespinae contains the largest and best-known eusocial wasps, including true hornets (the genus "Vespa"), and the "yellowjackets" (genera "Dolichovespula" and "Vespula"). The remaining genus, "Provespa", is a small, poorly known group of nocturnal wasps from Southeast Asia. One genus, "Palaeovespa", has been described from the Eocene fossil record, from Colorado. Collectively, the group can be found on all continents except Antarctica, and several of these wasps are invasive species, introduced beyond their native ranges, and can be major pests.

[Wikipedia: Dorian Gray (disambiguation)] Dorian Gray is the main character of the novel "The Picture of Dorian Gray" (1890) by Oscar Wilde.

[Wikipedia: Johnny (John Farnham album)] Johnny is the fifth studio album by Australian pop singer John Farnham, (who was billed then as "Johnny" Farnham) which was released on HMV for EMI Records in August 1971. It peaked at #24 on the Australian Kent Music Report Albums Charts. Farnham had earlier #1 singles with "Sadie (The Cleaning Lady)" in 1968 and his cover of "Raindrops Keep Fallin' On My Head" in 1970; a non-album single, "Acapulco Sun" was released in May 1971 but there were no charting singles from "Johnny". The album features compositions from artists as diverse as George Harrison, Elton John, Stevie Wonder, Joe South and George Gershwin and Ira Gershwin

[Wikipedia: Elizabeth Eaton] Elizabeth A. Eaton (born April 2, 1955) is the fourth Presiding Bishop (and the first woman to become Presiding Bishop) of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America (ELCA). She was elected on Wednesday, August 14, 2013, on the fifth ballot. She received 600 votes by the Churchwide Assembly, and the incumbent Presiding Bishop Mark Hanson received 287 votes. She was installed as presiding bishop of the ELCA on October 5, 2013, at Rockefeller Chapel in Hyde Park (Chicago, IL). Chicago is also the location of the ELCA headquarters. Her six-year term as presiding bishop of the ELCA began November 1, 2013.

[Wikipedia: Fast &amp; Furious 6] Fast & Furious 6 (alternatively known as Furious 6 or Fast Six) is a 2013 American action film directed by Justin Lin and written by Chris Morgan. It is the sixth installment in "The Fast and the Furious" franchise. The film stars Vin Diesel, Paul Walker, Dwayne Johnson, Michelle Rodriguez, Jordana Brewster, Tyrese Gibson, Chris Bridges, Sung Kang, Luke Evans, Gina Carano, and John Ortiz. "Fast & Furious 6" follows a professional criminal gang led by Dominic Toretto (Diesel) who have retired following their successful heist in "Fast Five" (2011), but remain wanted fugitives. U.S. Diplomatic Security Service (DSS) agent Luke Hobbs (Johnson) offers to clear the group's criminal records and allow them to return home in exchange for helping him to take down a skilled mercenary organization led by Owen Shaw (Evans), one member of which is Toretto's presumed-dead lover Letty Ortiz (Rodriguez).

[Wikipedia: Blue Peter (band)] Blue Peter is a Canadian new wave synthpop band founded in 1978 in Markham, Ontario by Chris Wardman and Paul Humphrey. In their heyday, Blue Peter opened for major international acts such as the Police and Simple Minds. The video for "Don't Walk Past", directed by Rob Quartly, was No. 85 on MuchMusic's top videos of the century list, and was played on MTV in the United States, in spite of the lack of American record distribution for the band. The band continues to perform, on occasion.

[Wikipedia: Tony's Pizza Napoletana] Tony’s Pizza Napoletana is a pizzeria located in San Francisco, California on Stockton Street which serves Neapolitan styled pizza. In 2015, it is considered the 5th highest rated pizzeria in the United States by TripAdvisor.

[Wikipedia: Aidan McGrath] Aidan McGrath is an Irish youth activist. He is the former President of Ireland's National Youth Organisation. He was twice elected to represent his Constituency of Fingal in Ireland's National Youth Parliament, Dáil na nÓg, and was Chairperson of both the Swords Youth Council and the Fingal Comhairle na nÓg. McGrath is a member of both Fingal County Council's General Strategic Policy Committee and the Planning Strategic Policy Committee. In 2010 he was named one of the top Youth Leaders in both the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland by the National Association of Principals and Deputy Principals and the General Teaching Council for Northern Ireland. McGrath continues to maintain a public profile in the area of political activism, and in 2012 he was named one of the top ten outstanding young people of Ireland by Junior Chamber International.

[Wikipedia: Small Teen, Bigger World] Small Teen, Bigger World was a four-part documentary following the life of a teenager with dwarfism, Jasmine Burkitt, and details her family and life. It was the second series to follow Jasmine's life, following the hour-long documentary 'Small Teen, Big World', which aired in July 2010. Small Teen, Bigger World aired during the summer of 2011, and was part of the 'Extraordinary Me' season on BBC Three.

[Wikipedia: Atari Games Corp. v. Oman] Atari Games Corp. v. Oman is court case dealing with the copyright status of a video game. "Breakout" is a paddle and ball video game created by the plaintiff, Atari Games Corporation, which was released in 1976. Eleven years later, in 1987, the plaintiff sought registration for the work with the US Copyright Office. On February 13, 1987 and again on May 22, 1987, Copyright Registrar Ralph Oman refused to register the work because it "did not contain at least a minimum amount of original pictorial or graphic authorship, or authorship in sounds". Atari challenged Oman's use of discretion not to award the game copyright protection.

[Wikipedia: Lincoln College (Illinois)] Lincoln College (chartered Lincoln University) is a private, independent liberal arts college located in Lincoln, Illinois. Lincoln College is a hybrid college offering both two-year and four-year degree programs for its students. Lincoln College was established in 1865 by the Cumberland Presbyterian Church, but is now independent and has no formal church affiliation. There were a few sites that were looked at as possibilities, and in December 1864, the site of Lincoln was selected. Due to the Civil War, the denomination wanted to create a college in the North because the denomination's other schools were located in the South. At this same time a movement started in the new community of Lincoln to start a college. On February 6, 1865, the Illinois General Assembly granted the charter that established the university. President Lincoln was aware the school would be named after him. Lincoln University was the first institution named for Abraham Lincoln and the only one during his lifetime. The groundbreaking for University Hall, the first college building, was held on the birthday of Abraham Lincoln, which was six days after the charter had been granted. By September 1866, University Hall's construction was completed. In November 1866, the college opened its doors to men and women alike. In 1868, there were three people who received their degrees.

[Wikipedia: Per Nielsen] Per Lundgren Nielsen (born October 15, 1973) is a retired Danish professional football (soccer) player who played in the central defense of Brøndby IF in the Danish Superliga for his entire club career. With Brøndby, Nielsen won five Danish championships and three Danish Cups since his senior debut in 1993. He played 547 official games for Brøndby IF and scored 26 goals, and from 2002 to 2008 he was named team captain. He played 10 matches for the Denmark national football team and is noted for 19 matches for the national under-21 team from 1994 to 1996. Following his retirement, he has worked as first as an assistant coach, later as head coach. Currently he is at Brøndbys women's team.

[Wikipedia: Maryland Route 237] Maryland Route 237 (MD 237) is a state highway in the U.S. state of Maryland. Known as Chancellors Run Road, the route runs 2.95 mi from MD 246 near Lexington Park north to MD 235 in California. MD 237, which was designated in the mid-1980s, bypasses the center of Lexington Park through the suburban area surrounding Naval Air Station Patuxent River (NAS Patuxent River). The state highway was expanded to a four-lane divided highway between 2008 and 2010 in response to increased activity at the military base.

[Wikipedia: Mr. Wimpy (video game)] Mr. Wimpy is a platforming video game released by Ocean Software in 1984. The game was intended to be a promotional tie with Wimpy restaurants as their logos, company mascots, and theme tunes were reproduced. The game was released on the Oric 1, ZX Spectrum, BBC Micro and Commodore 64. The gameplay is similar to the video game "BurgerTime".

[Wikipedia: Geordie Shore (series 7)] The seventh series of Geordie Shore, a British television programme based in Newcastle upon Tyne, was announced on 5 July 2013 after cast members Holly Hagan and Vicky Pattison had been arrested for assault on a night out during filming. The series began on 17 September 2013, just three weeks after Series 6 had concluded, and finished airing on 22 October 2013 after six episodes. This series had a shorter run that usual due to filming being postponed after the night of the assault. It was reported that filming for the series began on 26 June 2013 as the cast members had all been absent from Twitter since then. This was the last series to feature Sophie Kasaei after she was axed from the series following a racial slur. It was also the first series to feature Sophie's cousin, Marnie Simpson and included the brief return of Jay Gardner, who had previously featured in series one to three, and again during the sixth series for two episodes. Following Vicky's arrest, she was absent from the final half of the series. This series included the cast members taking part in a number of activities on their bucket list, new cast member Marnie isolating herself after breaking up the friendship between Gaz and Scott, and Jay returning to fix the drift between the cast members.

[Wikipedia: List of accolades received by Moana (2016 film)] "Moana" is a 2016 American 3D computer-animated musical fantasy comedy adventure film produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios and released by Walt Disney Pictures. The film was directed by Ron Clements and John Musker, with Don Hall and Chris Williams as co-directors. Starring the voices of Auli'i Cravalho and Dwayne Johnson, the film focuses on the story of Moana, the strong-willed daughter of the chief in a Polynesian tribe, who is chosen by the ocean itself to reunite a mystical relic with a goddess. When a blight strikes her island, Moana sets sail in search of Maui, a legendary demigod, in the hope of saving her people. The film had its world premiere at El Capitan Theatre in Los Angeles on November 14, 2016 and was released to theaters on November 23, 2016. The review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes reported 96% positive film-critic reviews, based on 218 reviews, with an average rating of 7.9/10 and Metacritic gave a score of 81 out of 100, based on 44 reviews.

[Wikipedia: Tucson, Arizona] Tucson ( ) is a city and the county seat of Pima County, Arizona, United States, and home to the University of Arizona. The 2010 United States Census put the population at 520,116, while the 2015 estimated population of the entire Tucson metropolitan statistical area (MSA) was 980,263. The Tucson MSA forms part of the larger Tucson-Nogales combined statistical area (CSA), with a total population of 1,010,025 as of the 2010 Census. Tucson is the second-largest populated city in Arizona behind Phoenix, both of which anchor the Arizona Sun Corridor. The city is located 108 mi southeast of Phoenix and 60 mi north of the U.S.–Mexico border. Tucson is the 33rd largest city and the 53rd largest metropolitan area in the United States.

[Wikipedia: Río Negro (Central America)] Río Negro (] ) is a river that divides the countries of Honduras and Nicaragua along the Pacific coast. Its path was substantially altered by Hurricane Mitch in October 1998. It mostly runs through a very undeveloped jungle region of the 2 countries.

[Wikipedia: Drug possession] Drug possession is the crime of having one or more illegal drugs in one's possession, either for personal use, distribution, sale or otherwise. Illegal drugs fall into different categories and sentences vary depending on the amount, type of drug, circumstances, and jurisdiction.

[Wikipedia: 1978 NBA Finals] The 1978 NBA World Championship Series was the championship round of the National Basketball Association (NBA)'s 1977–78 season, and the culmination of the season's playoffs. The series featured the Western Conference champion Seattle SuperSonics against the Eastern Conference champion Washington Bullets. The Bullets defeated the SuperSonics in seven games to win the NBA championship. Bullets power forward/center Wes Unseld was named MVP of the series. Before the Cleveland Cavaliers' Game 7 win at Golden State in the 2016 NBA Finals, this was the last time a road team had won Game 7 in the NBA Finals. The 1978 Finals is the only NBA Finals series since the 1958 NBA Finals in which both teams had under 50 wins. The 1979 Finals are the only NBA Finals to feature two teams with under 50 wins in an 82-game season.

[Wikipedia: Countrified (Farmer Boys album)] Countrified is the first full-length album of the German heavy metal band Farmer Boys. All of the album's songs make reference to farm life or farm animals. It also has a cover track of Depeche Mode's "Never Let Me Down Again". The album is the band's heaviest album ever recorded and it strongly features elements from thrash metal, groove metal and goth metal. Music videos for ""Farm Sweet Farm"" and ""Never Let Me Down Again"" were directed by Nick Lyon. Countrified sold over 10.000 copies.

[Wikipedia: Ferrari] Ferrari N.V. (] ) is an Italian sports car manufacturer based in Maranello. Founded by Enzo Ferrari in 1939 out of Alfa Romeo's race division as "Auto Avio Costruzioni", the company built its first car in 1940. However the company's inception as an auto manufacturer is usually recognized in 1947, when the first Ferrari-badged car was completed.

[Wikipedia: Ornella Fiorentini] Ornella Fiorentini is an Italian poet and writer born in Ravenna, Italy, living and working in Ravenna, Italy.

[Wikipedia: One Raffles Place] One Raffles Place, formerly Overseas Union Bank Centre or OUB Centre is one of the tallest skyscrapers in the city of Singapore. It was the tallest together with the UOB Plaza and Republic Plaza until the construction of Tanjong Pagar Centre in 2016. At 280 m , it was also the tallest building in the world outside North America at the time of its completion in 1986, surpassing South Korea's 63 Building completed one year earlier, until it was succeeded by the Bank of China Tower. The building sits at the city centre of Raffles Place.

[Wikipedia: Julien Nitzberg] Julien Nitzberg (born 1965) is a US screenwriter, stage writer, lyricist, theater director and film director, best known in the film world as the director of the documentary "The Wild and Wonderful Whites of West Virginia". In the theater world, Nitzberg is best known for his controversial musical "The Beastly Bombing or A Terrible Tale of Terrorists Tamed by the Tangles of True Love". Nitzberg wrote the book and lyrics and directed this musical in Los Angeles and New York. "The Beastly Bombing" won the LA Weekly Theater Award for Best Musical of the Year.

[Wikipedia: Bronwen] Bronwen (] ) is a Welsh feminine given name. It is closely associated with the similar name "Branwen", which appears in medieval Welsh literature. Used in Wales since the 19th century, it was introduced to the English-speaking public at large by a character in the Richard Llewellyn novel "How Green Was My Valley" (1939).

[Wikipedia: Wells Fargo Building (Augusta)] The Wells Fargo Building,formerly known as the Wells Fargo Bank Center, is a commercial and financial skyscraper in Augusta, Georgia, in the United States. After its completion, the building was the tallest building in Augusta from 1967 to 1976, when the Lamar Building surpassed it due to the completion of the penthouse. Today, it is the third tallest building in the city. The building's exterior surface is made completely in aluminum steel glass. At the time of its completion, the building was named the Georgia Railroad Bank & Trust. In 1989, the building's name was changed to the Wachovia Bank Center, making it the official headquarters of Wachovia in the eastern part of Georgia and the Central Savannah River Area. In 2008, the building's name was changed again to the Wells Fargo Building. It is now the official headquarters of Wells Fargo in the Augusta region.

[Wikipedia: Jacob D. Robida] Jacob D. Robida (June 13, 1987 – February 5, 2006) was a Massachusetts teenager who attacked three patrons at a New Bedford gay bar on February 2, 2006. He fled the state and drove to Charleston, West Virginia, where he kidnapped Jennifer Rena Dunlap Bailey and drove southwest. He was stopped by Gassville, Arkansas Police Officer James W. Sell at the Brass Door Restaurant parking lot on the afternoon of February 4, 2006 for an apparent traffic violation. Robida shot and killed Sell and fled east. He turned onto Arkansas Highway 201 headed south and continued to Arkana, where he fired at Arkansas State Police Sgt. Van Nowlin. Deputies from the Baxter County Sheriff's Office had a spike strip deployed a short distance away. Robida drove over the spike strip, flattening both front tires on his Pontiac. He continued to Arkansas Highway 5, where he turned south and drove into the small town of Norfork. In the middle of town he lost control of the car due to the front tires, spun out, and hit two parked vehicles. He then shot Bailey, his kidnap victim, in the head with a Ruger 9mm semi-automatic pistol, killing her instantly. Police then opened fire on Robida. He shot himself in the right side of the head.

[Wikipedia: B2K] B2K was an American R&B boy band that was active from 1998 to 2004. In 1998, the group was formed by American record producer Chris Stokes. They released their self-titled debut album on March 12, 2002. The album peaked at #2 on the "Billboard" 200 and #1 on the U.S. Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs albums chart.

[Wikipedia: The Private Life of the Kingfisher] The Private Life of the Kingfisher (styled in its opening titles as "The private life of the KINGFISHER), made in 1966 and screened in 1967 as episode 144 of the nature series "Look", was the first BBC natural history film to be shown in colour.

[Wikipedia: Home (2015 film)] Home is a 2015 American 3D computer-animated science fiction comedy-adventure film produced by DreamWorks Animation and distributed by 20th Century Fox. It is loosely based on Adam Rex's 2007 children's book "The True Meaning of Smekday" and starring the voices of Jim Parsons, Rihanna, Steve Martin, Jennifer Lopez, and Matt Jones. Tim Johnson is the director of the film, Chris Jenkins and Suzanne Buirgy are its producers, and the screenplay is by Tom J. Astle and Matt Ember. The story takes place on planet Earth, where an alien race called the Boov invade the planet. However, a girl named Gratuity "Tip" Tucci manages to avoid capture, and goes on the run with Oh, a fugitive Boov.

[Wikipedia: Governing Council of the Cat Fancy] The Governing Council of the Cat Fancy (GCCF) is a cat registry, established in 1910 and the largest organisation that registers pedigree cats in the United Kingdom. It was formed from a small number of cat clubs which were registering cats at the time when the modern cat fancy was in its first stages. It is considered to be the original prototype for cat fancy registries. It is an independent body with around 150 member clubs, including specialist breed clubs and area clubs covering particular regions. The GCCF became an incorporated company on 5 November 2010. It licenses cat shows put on by its affiliated clubs with about 135 shows per year. Pedigree cats shown at these shows can gain the titles Champion, Grand Champion, Imperial Grand Champion and Olympian. The latter having three levels, Bronze, Silver and Gold. The word Champion is replaced by Premier for neutered cats. The showing of non-pedigree cats (often referred to as Domestic shorthair and Domestic longhair) and Pedigree Pets is also popular at GCCF shows.

[Wikipedia: Linda Duvall] Linda Duvall is a Canadian artist and educator based in Saskatchewan and Toronto. Her social art projects, exhibitions and research have taken up questions of conscience, truth, and the nature of interpersonal relationships, particularly as they are enacted through conversation. Her art employs photography, video, installation, performance art, and community-based research including Internet-based archiving. They often feature invitations for individuals or groups to participate in specific tasks involving conversation or expression. Overall Duvall's work investigates speech acts (such as, confessions, gossip and expressions of regret), the nature of truth, the process of grieving, intimacy and vulnerability. Her solo exhibitions have been hosted by Art Gallery of Hamilton, Dunlop Art Gallery, Art Gallery of Mississauga, Museo Nacional de Arte Moderno Guatemala City, Custom House Gallery Westport Ireland, Box Hotel Gallery Barcelona and Thunder Bay Art Gallery. She has served on a number of boards of artist-run organizations including, Paved Arts, Red Head Gallery, The Photographer's Gallery (now known as PAVED Arts), "BlackFlash" Magazine.

[Wikipedia: Daniel Jackson (Stargate)] Daniel Jackson, Ph.D., is a fictional character in the military science fiction franchise "Stargate", and one of the main characters of the series "Stargate SG-1." He is portrayed by James Spader in the 1994 film "Stargate", and by Michael Shanks in "Stargate SG-1" and other "SG-1" derived media. Jackson is the only "Stargate" character to appear in all of the films and series in the franchise (not including the non-canonical "Stargate Infinity"); the main character Jack O'Neill did not appear in the 2008 film "".

[Wikipedia: Only a Poor Old Man] "Only A Poor Old Man" is a 32-page funny animal comic book story written, drawn, and lettered by Carl Barks. It was published by Four Color #386 (March 1952) in the first issue of "Uncle Scrooge". It was the first comic book story with Scrooge McDuck as its main character (he had already made his debut as a supporting character in "Christmas on Bear Mountain"). The story has been reprinted many times. It was originally published with the one-page gag stories "Osogood Silver Polish", "Coffee for Two", and "Soupline Eight". Gemstone Publishing selected "Poor Old Man" for Free Comic Book Day 2005. Barks expert Michael Barrier has dubbed the story a masterpiece.

[Wikipedia: CFE Arena] CFE Arena, officially the CFE Federal Credit Union Arena and formerly known as UCF Arena, is a sports and entertainment arena located in Orlando, Florida, United States on the main campus of the University of Central Florida. It was constructed beginning in 2006 as a replacement for the original UCF arena, and as a part of Knights Plaza. The arena is home to the UCF Knights men's and women's basketball teams. In 2010, the Legends Football League team Orlando Fantasy played at the arena. The Arena also hosted the annual Science Olympiad in 2012 and 2014. For the 2014 season only, it served as the home of the Orlando Predators of the Arena Football League.

[Wikipedia: George A. Williams (actor)] George A. Williams (August 11, 1854 – February 21, 1936), sometimes known as "G.A. Williams" or simply as George Williams, was an American actor of the silent film era. Born in 1854 in Kinnickinnic, Wisconsin, he broke into the film industry in 1914. He worked mostly in film shorts, appearing in well over 100 of them in his 14-year career. He would also perform in approximately 20 feature-length films during this span. His first film appearance was in the film short, "In the Days of Witchcraft" (1913), and he would make his feature debut in 1916's "The Dumb Girl of Portici", directed by Lois Weber. 1914 would see him appear in several episodes of the serial, "The Hazards of Helen". In 1922, he would be cast as one of the leads in the serial, "In the Days of Buffalo Bill", directed by Edward Laemmle. His final film appearance would be in the 1926 silent film, "The Winner", directed by Harry J. Brown

[Wikipedia: Ursus americanus carlottae] The Haida Gwaii black bear ("Ursus americanus carlottae") is a morphologically distinct subspecies of the American black bear. The most significant morphological differences are its large size, massive cranium, and large molars. This subspecies is endemic to the Haida Gwaii (Queen Charlotte Islands) and is considered a "keystone species" because of the bears transportation of salmon remains into surrounding forests of Haida Gwaii.

[Wikipedia: Boxing After Dark] Boxing After Dark is an HBO boxing program, premiering in April 1996, that usually shows fights between well-known contenders, but usually not "championship" or "title" fights. Unlike its sister program, "HBO World Championship Boxing", "BAD" features fighters who are usually moving up from ESPN's "Friday Night Fights" or another basic cable boxing program. This is where fighters are given their start to become famous depending on how well they fare on "BAD" they might have a title fight on "World Championship Boxing" or could fall back (Ex: Jason Litzau had many entertaining fights on ESPN before moving up to "BAD" to face Jose Hernandez. After Litzau lost by knockout he returned to "FNF")

[Wikipedia: O'Hare International Airport] Chicago O'Hare International Airport (IATA: ORD, ICAO: KORD, FAA LID: ORD) , also known as O'Hare Airport, Chicago International Airport, Chicago O'Hare, or simply O'Hare ( ), is an international airport located on the Far Northwest Side of Chicago, Illinois, 17 mi northwest of the Loop. It is the primary airport serving the Chicago metropolitan area, with Midway International Airport, which is about 10 mi closer to the Loop and serves as a secondary airport. It is operated by the City of Chicago Department of Aviation.

[Wikipedia: Valdosta State Blazers] The Valdosta State Blazers are the athletic programs of Valdosta State University in Valdosta, Georgia. Valdosta State is a NCAA Division II member institution and has been a member of the Gulf South Conference since 1981.

[Wikipedia: Genesis Suite] Genesis Suite is a 1945 work for narrator, orchestra, and chorus. A musical interpretation of the first eleven chapters of the "Book of Genesis", the suite was a collaborative work by seven composers, some of whom wrote film music in Hollywood. The project was conceived by Nathaniel Shilkret, a noted conductor and composer of music for recording, radio and film. Shilkret wrote one of the seven pieces and invited the remaining composers to submit contributions as work-for-hire. Two giants of western twentieth-century music, Arnold Schoenberg and Igor Stravinsky wrote, respectively, the first and last parts. The Biblical text used in the spoken word narrative is the American King James Version. It was intended to be a crossover from art music to popular music.

[Wikipedia: Samsung Galaxy Tab 8.9] The Samsung Galaxy Tab 8.9 is an Android-based tablet computer designed and manufactured by Samsung, introduced on 22 March 2011 at CTIA wireless convention in its Samsung Unpacked event in Orlando. It is part of the Samsung Galaxy Tab series, and features an 8.9-inch display and a 1 GHz dual-core Nvidia Tegra 2 processor.

[Wikipedia: Cladosporium] Cladosporium is a genus of fungi including some of the most common indoor and outdoor molds. Species produce olive-green to brown or black colonies, and have dark-pigmented conidia that are formed in simple or branching chains. Many species of "Cladosporium" are commonly found on living and dead plant material. Some species are plant pathogens, others parasitize other fungi. "Cladosporium" spores are wind-dispersed and they are often extremely abundant in outdoor air. Indoors "Cladosporium" species may grow on surfaces when moisture is present. "Cladosporium fulvum", cause of tomato leaf mould, has been an important genetic model, in that the genetics of host resistance are understood. In the 1960s, it was estimated that the genus "Cladosporium" contained around 500 plant-pathogenic and saprotrophic species, but this number has since been increased to over 772 species. The genus "Cladosporium" is closely related to black yeasts in the order Dothideales. "Cladosporium" species are often highly osmotolerant, growing easily on media containing 10% glucose or 12–17% NaCl. They are rarely grown on media containing 24% NaCl or 50% glucose and never isolated from medium with 32% NaCl or greater. Most species have very fragile spore chains, making it extremely difficult to prepare a mount for microscopic observation in which the conidial chains are preserved intact.

[Wikipedia: The Coade Hall] The Coade Hall is a brick-built theatre and concert hall at Bryanston School, near Blandford Forum in Dorset, England. It was opened on 27 May 1966 by the Duke of Edinburgh On the opening night, there was a concert with music by Brahms, Britten, and Mozart.

[Wikipedia: British America] English America (later British America) refers to the English territories in North America (including Bermuda), Central America, the Caribbean, and Guyana from 1607 to 1783. Formally, the British colonies in North America were known as "British America and the British West Indies" until 1776, when the Thirteen Colonies located along the Atlantic seaboard declared their independence and formed the United States of America. After that, the term British North America was used to describe the remainder of Britain's continental North American possessions. That term was first used informally in 1783, but it was uncommon before the Report on the Affairs of British North America (1839), called the Durham Report.

[Wikipedia: Finity's End] Finity's End is a science fiction novel written by the American science fiction and fantasy author C. J. Cherryh. It is one of Cherryh's Merchanter novels, set in her Alliance-Union universe, in which humanity has split into three major power blocs: Union, the Merchanter's Alliance and Earth. "Finity's End" was shortlisted for a Locus Award in 1998.

[Wikipedia: Lee Corner] Lee Corner is an historic part of Old Town Alexandria, Virginia, at the intersection of North Washington and Oronoco Street. The corner is named after the Lee family, who once owned almost every property on the intersection. After the American Revolution, Alexandria, already known as "Washington's Home Town", also became known as the "Home Town of the Lees".

[Wikipedia: Rusalka (opera)] Rusalka (] ), Op. 114, is an opera ('lyric fairy tale') by Antonín Dvořák. The Czech libretto was written by the poet Jaroslav Kvapil (1868–1950) based on the fairy tales of Karel Jaromír Erben and Božena Němcová. A Rusalka is a water sprite from Slavic mythology, usually inhabiting a lake or river. "Rusalka" is one of the most successful Czech operas, and represents a cornerstone of the repertoire of Czech opera houses.

[Wikipedia: National Treasure (film)] National Treasure is a 2004 American adventure heist film produced and released by Walt Disney Pictures. It was written by Jim Kouf and the Wibberleys, produced by Jerry Bruckheimer and directed by Jon Turteltaub. It is the first film in the "National Treasure" franchise and stars Nicolas Cage, Harvey Keitel, Jon Voight, Diane Kruger, Sean Bean, Justin Bartha and Christopher Plummer.

[Wikipedia: Pandemic (board game)] Pandemic is a cooperative board game designed by Matt Leacock and published by Z-Man Games in 2007. "Pandemic" is based on the premise that four diseases have broken out in the world, each threatening to wipe out a region. The game accommodates 2 to 4 players, each playing one of five possible specialists: dispatcher, medic, scientist, researcher, or operations expert. The game is unlike most board games in that the gameplay is cooperative, rather than competitive. Through the combined effort of all the players, the goal is to discover all four cures before any of several game-losing conditions are reached.

[Wikipedia: Jing Tian] Jing Tian (born 21 July 1988) is a Chinese actress. She graduated from the Beijing Dance Academy and Beijing Film Academy. She is known for her roles in war epic "The Warring States" (2011) and the action films "Special ID" and "Police Story 2013" (both in 2013). She is part of the cast for three Legendary Pictures films, including a prominent role in "The Great Wall" (2016) as well as "" (2017) and the upcoming "".

[Wikipedia: Stormy Waters (film)] Remorques (English title: Stormy Waters) is a 1941 French drama film directed by Jean Grémillon. The screenplay was written by Jacques Prévert (scenario and dialogue) and André Cayatte (adaptation), based on the novel by Roger Vercel. The film stars Jean Gabin, Madeleine Renaud and Michèle Morgan.

[Wikipedia: Grand Anglo-Français Blanc et Orange] The Grand Anglo-Français Blanc et Orange (FCI No.324) translated into English as the Great Anglo-French White and Orange Hound, is a breed of dog used in hunting as a scenthound, usually in packs. It is one of the Anglo-French hound breeds which were created by crossing French scenthounds with English (Anglo) foxhounds.

[Wikipedia: Nay Toe] Nay Toe (Burmese: နေတိုး ] ; born Nay Lin Aung on 9 September 1981) is a Myanmar Academy Award-winning film actor and a comedian with the Burmese traditional dance troupe Htawara Hninzi. He won his first Academy Award for best actor with the 2009 film " Moe Nya Einmet Myu" and won second academy award for best leading actor in 2015 in "Moe Nya Eate Mat Phyu" (မိုးညအိပ်မက်ဖြူ ). In 2015, he won his next Academy Award for best actor with "Nat Khat Mhar Tae Tite Pwal (နက္ခတ်မှားတဲ့ တိုက်ပွဲ)."

[Wikipedia: Eddie &quot;The Eagle&quot; Edwards] Michael Edwards (born 5 December 1963), best known as "Eddie the Eagle", is a British skier who in 1988 became the first competitor since 1929 to represent Great Britain in Olympic ski jumping, finishing last in the 70 m and 90 m events. He became the British ski jumping record holder, ninth in amateur speed skiing (106.8 mph ), and a stunt jumping world record holder for jumping over 6 buses.

[Wikipedia: Tessa Munt] Tessa Jane Munt (born 16 October 1959) is a British Liberal Democrat politician. She was the Member of Parliament (MP) for Wells in Somerset from 2010 – 2015 and had previously served as the Parliamentary Private Secretary (PPS) to the Secretary of State for Business, Innovation and Skills, Vince Cable. Following the appointment of Jo Swinson as PPS to the Leader of the Liberal Democrats, Nick Clegg, Tessa was appointed as Parliamentary Private Secretary to Liberal Democrat Secretary of State for Business, Innovation and Skills, Vince Cable.

[Wikipedia: Lost Nigger Gold Mine] The Lost Nigger Gold Mine is a legendary mine in the folklore of the United States. According to the legend, in 1887 four brothers in Dryden, Texas—Frank, Jim, John, and Lee Reagan—hired an illiterate Seminole man named William Kelly to help with work on their ranch. Kelly was known as "Nigger Bill" ("nigger" being a term for a multiracial person in the slang of the Big Bend region) and has been identified as a cook and also as a horse wrangler; at the time of his employment by the Reagans, he was only 14. While working on the ranch, Kelly announced that he had discovered a gold mine, and was "greeted only with jeers". The next day he again tried to tell the Reagans about the mine, even going so far as to show them a lump of gold ore, but received a "cussing out" for his trouble.

[Wikipedia: Balamta] Balamta (बलम्ता ) is a small Village Development Committee in eastern Nepal, located at northern part of the Udayapur District. It is an area with a length of about 30 miles and breadth of 15 miles extending from the top of the foothill down to the Sun Kosi river, one of the major rivers in Nepal, at its eastern tip. Balamta is surrounded by other VDCs such as; Tamlichha, Barah, and Jante. It has been divided into nine wards: Chhatang, Dandatol, Chalestemma, Majhagaun, Tharpulung, Deurali, Laku, and Tirla. The population is about 7,000 and the majority of people who live in these villages are Rai. The communities have a unique culture and their own religion. Balamta has three primary schools, a higher secondary school, a primary health center, a post office, and the office of the VDC. Balamta village is well known for the statue of 'Yalambar', the first Kirat King of Nepal. The society is very consistent, hospitable, and live with a good virtue of ethics. People are well educated and the village has a literacy rate of 90 percent. People from this province are scattered all around the world. The main destination countries are India, Hong Kong, UK, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, China, Malaysia, Dubai, USA, and others.

[Wikipedia: Steve Taylor] Roland Stephen "Steve" Taylor (born December 9, 1957), is an American singer, songwriter, record producer, music executive, film maker, and actor. A figure in what has come to be known as Christian alternative rock, Taylor enjoyed a successful solo career during the 1980s, and also served in the short-lived group Chagall Guevara. In contrast to many Christian musical artists, his songs have often taken aim at other Christians with the use of satirical, sardonic lyrics. In 1997, he founded the record label Squint Entertainment, which fueled the careers of artists such as Sixpence None the Richer, Chevelle, and Burlap to Cashmere. Despite this success, Taylor was ousted from the label by its parent, Word Entertainment, in 2001. He has produced and written for numerous musical acts, one of the most consistent being Newsboys. As a film-maker, Taylor co-wrote, directed, and produced the feature films "Down Under the Big Top", "The Second Chance", and "Blue Like Jazz". After a decade and a half of hiatus, Taylor returned to performing music in 2010 as the front-man for Steve Taylor & The Perfect Foil, a supergroup he founded with Peter Furler, Jimmy Abegg, and John Mark Painter.

[Wikipedia: Dallas Executive Airport] Dallas Executive Airport (IATA: RBD, ICAO: KRBD, FAA LID: RBD) , formerly Redbird Airport, is a public airport six miles (10 km) southwest of Downtown Dallas, in Dallas County, Texas. The airport is used for general aviation and is a reliever airport for Dallas Love Field. In 2013, the Commemorative Air Force announced that they would build a "National Airbase" at Executive which would include their headquarters and main museum, both of which would be moved from Midland.

[Wikipedia: University of Nevada, Reno] The University of Nevada, Reno (also referred to as Nevada, the University of Nevada or UNR) is a public research university located in Reno, Nevada. Founded October 12, 1874, Nevada is the sole land grant institution for the state of Nevada.

[Wikipedia: Daniel Hall (publisher)] Daniel Hall is an American publisher, author, speaker, consultant and coach who is noted by media for creating the "Real Fast" training programs that aid trainers, authors, coaches, speakers and consultants. Hall also serves as the CEO of Playtime Gadgets.

[Wikipedia: Khoon Ka Khoon] Khoon Ka Khoon (Blood for Blood) also called Hamlet is the first Hindi/Urdu 1935 sound film adaptation of a Shakespeare play. Directed by Sohrab Modi under his Stage Film Company banner, it is cited as one of the earliest talkie versions of this play. Credited as "the man who brought Shakespeare to the Indian screen", it was Modi's debut feature film as a director. The story and script were by Mehdi Hassan Ahsan from his Urdu adaptation of Shakespeare's "Hamlet". Starring Sohrab Modi, "Khoon Ka Khoon" was also the debut in films of Naseem Banu who played Ophelia. The other star cast included Shamshadbai, Ghulam Hussain, Obali Mai, Fazal Karim and Eruch Tarapore.

[Wikipedia: Josep Maria Fusté] Josep Maria Fusté Blanch (born 15 April 1941) is a retired Spanish footballer and captain of FC Barcelona during the 1960s and early 1970s. In 1964, together with Luis Suárez, Amancio Amaro, José Ángel Iribar and his FC Barcelona team mate, Jesús María Pereda, he also helped Spain win the European Championship. He also played for CA Osasuna and Hércules CF. After retiring as a player he worked as a public relations executive for "Codorniu", a Catalan sparkling wine company. He also served as president of the FC Barcelona veterans association and publicly supported Sixto Cambra, a Catalan nationalist, who stood against Josep Lluís Nuñez in the 1989 FC Barcelona presidential elections.

[Wikipedia: List of Lab Rats characters] "Lab Rats", also known as "Lab Rats: Bionic Island" for its fourth season, is an American television sitcom that premiered on February 27, 2012, on Disney XD. It focuses on the life of teenager Leo Dooley, whose mother, Tasha, marries billionaire genius Donald Davenport. He meets Adam, Bree, and Chase, three bionic superhumans, with whom he develops an immediate friendship. It should be noted that the names of the Lab Rats imply that they were originally known as subjects A, B, C and D. Adam was born first, then Bree, then Chase, and finally Daniel.

[Wikipedia: Sarah Palin's Alaska] Sarah Palin's Alaska is an American reality television show hosted by former Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. According to Palin, the show's aim is to bring "the wonder and majesty of Alaska to all Americans". The series, which began airing on TLC in November 2010, broadcast 8 episodes and 1 clip show. The show was part travelogue and part documentary series, according to a story in "The Vancouver Sun", six months before the release of the series trailer. In reviewing the first episode, "The New York Times" said the show allows viewers to "observe Ms. Palin observing nature". The show was not renewed for a second season.

[Wikipedia: 2019 UEFA Champions League Final] The 2019 UEFA Champions League Final will be the final match of the 2018–19 UEFA Champions League, the 64th season of Europe's premier club football tournament organised by UEFA, and the 27th season since it was renamed from the European Champion Clubs' Cup to the UEFA Champions League. It will be played at the Wanda Metropolitano in Madrid, Spain on 1 June 2019.

[Wikipedia: Uttarakhand Gramin Bank] Uttarakhand Gramin Bank is a regional rural bank in India.It is sponsored by State Bank of India established under RRB Act 1976 came into existence on 1st Nov 2012 after amalgamation of erstwhile RRB viz. Uttaranachal Gramin Bank and Nainital Almora Kshetriya Gramin Bank in Uttarakhand State.The Bank is headquartered at Dehradun and presently its area of operation in all 13 Districts in Uttarakhand having 286 branches, 11 satellite offices ,2 extension counters, 4 regional offices.

[Wikipedia: Mikkeller] Mikkeller is a microbrewery founded in 2006 in Copenhagen, Denmark that is based on the so-called "cuckoo", "phantom" or "gypsy" ethos; that is, the company does not operate an official brewery and, instead, collaborates with other brewers to produce their recipes or experimental one-off brews. The brewery was founded by two home brewers: Mikkel Borg Bjergsø, a high school teacher, and journalist Kristian Klarup Keller. Both sought to introduce their home-brewed beer to the public and to "challenge beer friends with intense new tastes", drawing inspiration from the American breweries that "aren't afraid to play and break all the rules".

[Wikipedia: Liam Cunningham] Liam Cunningham (born 2 June 1961) is an Irish stage and screen actor. He is known for playing Davos Seaworth in the HBO epic-fantasy series "Game of Thrones". He has been nominated for the London Film Critics' Circle Award, the British Independent Film Award, has won two Irish Film & Television Awards, and shared a BAFTA with Michael Fassbender, for their crime-drama short film "Pitch Black Heist".

[Wikipedia: Donald Burkholder] Donald Lyman Burkholder (January 19, 1927 – April 14, 2013) was an American mathematician known for his contributions to probability theory, particularly the theory of martingales. The Burkholder–Davis–Gundy inequality is co-named after him. Burkholder spent most of his professional career as a professor in the Department of Mathematics of the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. After his retirement in 1998, Donald Burkholder remained a Professor Emeritus in the Department of Mathematics of the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign and a CAS Professor Emeritus of Mathematics at the Center for Advanced Study, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. He was a member of the U.S. National Academy of Sciences and a fellow of the American Mathematical Society.

[Wikipedia: Modest Mussorgsky] Modest Petrovich Mussorgsky (Russian: Моде́ст Петро́вич Му́соргский ; ] ; 21 March [O.S. 9 March] 1839 – 28 March [O.S. 16 March] 1881 ) was a Russian composer, one of the group known as "The Five". He was an innovator of Russian music in the romantic period. He strove to achieve a uniquely Russian musical identity, often in deliberate defiance of the established conventions of Western music.

[Wikipedia: Eagle mine project] The Eagle Mine is a small, high-grade nickel and copper mine owned by Lundin Mining Corporation. The mine is located on the Yellow Dog Plains in Michigan's Upper Peninsula (U.S.). Eagle is the only primary nickel mine in the nation. The Mine began production in Fall 2014 and is expected to produce 360 million pounds of nickel, 295 million pounds of copper and small amounts of other metals (platinum, palladium, silver, gold, and cobalt) over its eight-year mine life.

[Wikipedia: List of American Pie characters] This is a list of characters from the film series "American Pie" consisting of "American Pie" (1999), "American Pie 2" (2001), "American Wedding" (2003), "" (2005), "" (2006), "" (2007), "" (2009), and "American Reunion" (2012). Only one character, Noah Levenstein played by Eugene Levy, has appeared in all eight released films. Biggs, Hannigan, Scott, Nicholas, Thomas, Coolidge, Cho, Isfield, Cheek, and Owen all play their characters in four films each; other characters appear in fewer films.

[Wikipedia: Killer Films] Killer Films is a New York City-based independent film production company founded by movie producers Christine Vachon and Pamela Koffler in 1995. The company has produced a number of the most acclaimed American independent films over the past two decades including "Far From Heaven" (nominated for four Academy Awards), "Boys Don't Cry" (Academy Award winner), "One Hour Photo", "Kids", "Hedwig and the Angry Inch", "Happiness", "Velvet Goldmine", "Safe", "I Shot Andy Warhol", "Swoon", "I'm Not There" (Academy Award nominated), "Kill Your Darlings", "Still Alice" (Academy Award winner) and "Carol" (nominated for six Academy Awards). Killer Films executive produced Todd Haynes' five episode HBO miniseries "Mildred Pierce" featuring Kate Winslet and Guy Pearce, which went on to win five Emmys, a Golden Globe and a Screen Actors Guild Award.

[Wikipedia: Queen (Queen album)] Queen is the eponymous debut studio album by the British rock band Queen, released on 13 July 1973 by EMI Records in the UK and by Elektra Records in the US. It was recorded at Trident Studios and De Lane Lea Music Centre, London, with production by Roy Thomas Baker (as Roy Baker), John Anthony and Queen. The album was influenced by the hard rock, progressive rock and heavy metal of the time and covers subjects such as folklore ("My Fairy King") and religion ("Jesus"). Lead singer Freddie Mercury composed five of the ten tracks, guitarist Brian May composed four songs, (including "Doing All Right", which was co-written by then Smile band-mate Tim Staffell), and drummer Roger Taylor composed and sang "Modern Times Rock and Roll". The final song on the album is a short instrumental version of "Seven Seas of Rhye".

[Wikipedia: Club (magazine)] Club is a monthly American pornographic magazine which is a spin-off publication of the United Kingdom's "Club International". "Club" features sexually oriented articles, video reviews, and pictorials that include hardcore pornography, masturbation, dildo usage, and lesbianism.

[Wikipedia: China's Wings] China's Wings: War, Intrigue, Romance and Adventure in the Middle Kingdom during the Golden Age of Flight is a 2012 book by Gregory Crouch, published by Bantam Books. The book discusses the history of the China National Aviation Corporation (CNAC) and is focused on William Langhorne Bond as the central character. Harry Eagar of the "Maui News" stated that "is largely a biography of Bond." The book also describes Moon Fun Chin, a Chinese-American who rose from peasant roots, to become a lead CNAC pilot and finally to owning his own airline. Among other events, the book discusses the establishment of the first airline in China, the Second Sino-Japanese War, "The Hump" airlift, and the 1938 Kweilin incident. The book ends after the 1949 Communist takeover.

[Wikipedia: Crosby, Cumbria] Crosby is a small village in Cumbria, England, three miles north-east of Maryport on the A596 road. It has a population of approximately 1000. The local primary school is Crosscanonby St. John's Church of England School. The only remaining public house in the village is The Stag Inn.

[Wikipedia: Radio personality] A radio personality (American English) or radio presenter (British English), commonly referred to as a "disc jockey" or "DJ" for short, is a person who has an on-air position in radio broadcasting. A radio personality that hosts a radio show is also known as a radio host, and in India and Pakistan as a radio jockey. Radio personalities who introduce and play individual selections of recorded music are known as disc jockeys. The term has evolved to also describe a person who mixes a continuous flow of recorded music in real time. Broadcast radio personalities may include talk radio hosts, AM/FM radio show hosts, and satellite radio program hosts. Notable radio personalities include pop music radio hosts Martin Block, Alan Freed, Dick Clark, Delilah Luke, Ameen Sayani, Wolfman Jack, and Casey Kasem, shock jocks such as Don Imus and Howard Stern, as well as sports talk hosts such as Mike Francesa and political talk hosts such as Rush Limbaugh.

[Wikipedia: Bank of Tryon Building] Bank of Tryon Building, also known as the Tryon Daily Bulletin Building and Hester Building, is a historic bank building located at Tryon, Polk County, North Carolina. It was built in 1907-1908, and is a two-story, two bay, Romanesque Revival style brick and stone building. It features granite quoins, second-story Palladian-type windows, and a projecting parapet. Since 1935, the building has been home to the "Tryon Daily Bulletin", the world’s smallest daily newspaper.

[Wikipedia: Carroll County Almshouse and Farm] Carroll County Almshouse and Farm, also known as the Carroll County Farm Museum, is a historic farm complex located at Westminster, Carroll County, Maryland. It consists of a complex of 15 buildings including the main house and dependencies. The 30-room brick main house was originally designed and constructed for use as the county almshouse. It is a long, three-story, rectangular structure, nine bays wide at the first- and second-floor levels of both front and rear façades. It features a simple frame cupola sheltering a farm bell. A separate two-story brick building with 14 rooms houses the original summer kitchen, wash room, and baking room, and may have once housed farm and domestic help. Also on the property is a brick, one-story dairy with a pyramidal roof dominated by a pointed finial of exaggerated height with Victorian Gothic "icing" decorating the eaves; a large frame and dressed stone bank barn; and a blacksmith's shop, spring house, smokehouse, ice house, and numerous other sheds and dependencies all used as a part of the working farm museum activities. The original Carroll County Almshouse was founded in 1852 and the Farm Museum was established in 1965.

[Wikipedia: Arlington Archeological Site] Arlington Archeological Site is a historic archaeological site located near Capeville, Northampton County, Virginia. It is located east of the Custis Tombs. The site includes archaeological features ranging from Accomack Plantation, the first English settlement of the Eastern Shore in 1619, to probable tenant or slave quarter features dating to the second half of the 18th century. The site also includes the foundations of Arlington mansion, established about 1670 and demolished about 1720. Arlington plantation was the ancestral home of the Custis family of Virginia. Archaeological investigations and excavations of the site were conducted in 1987-1988 and 1994.

[Wikipedia: Sandy Shreve] Sandy Shreve is a Canadian poet, editor and visual artist living on Pender Island, British Columbia. Shreve has written, edited and/or co-edited eight books and two chapbooks. Her latest poetry collection is "Waiting for the Albatross". Recent work has appeared in her chapbooks, "Cedar Cottage Suite" and "Level Crossing". Her work is widely anthologized and has won or been shortlisted for several awards, including the Earle Birney Prize (for "Elles", published in "Prism Magazine", 2000) and the Milton Acorn Peoples Poetry Award (for "Belonging", Sono Nis Press, 1997). She co-edited, with Kate Braid, the anthology "In Fine Form – The Canadian Book of Form Poetry" (2005) and "In Fine Form, 2nd edition - A Contemporary Look and Canadian Form Poetry"(2016); edited "Working For A Living", a collection of poems and stories by women about their work (Room of One’s Own, 1988) and founded BC’s "Poetry in Transit" program, which has been displaying BC poetry in SkyTrain cars and buses across the province since 1996.

[Wikipedia: Changtu County] Changtu County () is a county in the northeast of Liaoning province, China, bordering Jilin to the northeast and Inner Mongolia in the northwest. It is under the administration of Tieling City, the downtown of which lies 60 km to the south-southwest, and is 47 km southwest of Siping, Jilin. It is served by both China National Highway 102 and G1 Beijing–Harbin Expressway.

[Wikipedia: The British Museum Is Falling Down] The British Museum is Falling Down (1965) is a comic novel by British author David Lodge about a 25-year-old poverty-stricken student of English literature who, rather than work on his thesis (entitled "The Structure of Long Sentences in Three Modern English Novels") in the reading room of the British Museum, is distracted time and again from his work and who gets into all kinds of trouble instead.

[Wikipedia: Bibliothèque et Archives nationales du Québec] Bibliothèque et Archives nationales du Québec (BAnQ, unofficially translated as National Library and Archives of Québec) is a Québec governmental organization who manages the legal deposit and national archives systems of the province as well as its national library, which is located in the Grande Bibliothèque in Montreal. It is born out of a merger between the Bibliothèque nationale du Québec (BNQ) and the Archives nationales du Québec, in 2006. The Bibliothèque nationale du Québec had previously merged with the Grande bibliothèque du Québec in 2002.

[Wikipedia: Peter Rauhofer] Peter Rauhofer (29 April 1965 – 7 May 2013) was a disc jockey (DJ), remixer and producer who formerly went under the moniker Club 69 as well as Size Queen. A native of Vienna, Austria, he was famous for a variety of his remixes including Cher's "Believe" and a number of Madonna's songs including "Nothing Really Matters", "American Life", "Nothing Fails", "Nobody Knows Me", "Get Together", "Impressive Instant" and "4 Minutes", as well as her collaboration with Britney Spears, "Me Against the Music" and various collaborations with Janet Jackson ("Throb" and "Just A Little While" to name a few). He has also provided remixes for Whitney Houston, Jessica Simpson, Britney Spears, Christina Aguilera, Yoko Ono, Pink, Tori Amos, Pet Shop Boys, Depeche Mode, Yazoo, Frankie Goes To Hollywood, Book Of Love, Soft Cell, Duran Duran and Mariah Carey, among others. He was also behind the tribal house record label Star 69 and was a frequent producer of the label's releases.

[Wikipedia: Southern Railway of British Columbia] The Southern Railway of British Columbia, branded as SRY Rail Link (reporting mark SRY) is a Canadian short line railway operating in the southwestern British Columbia. The main facility is the port at Annacis Island with major import of cars, export of forestry products, and other shipments. The railway has interconnections with three Class I railroads, including Canadian Pacific (CP), Canadian National (CN) and Burlington Northern Santa Fe (BNSF). It operates a fleet of 29 locomotives, mostly consisting of EMD GP-9 & SW900 locomotives. It also rosters 5 unique Ex. Canadian National Railway GMD-1 locomotives, and also runs 3 SD38-2 locomotives, and 1 SD38AC. The railroad also operates a fleet 2,000 rail cars, SRY hauls approximately 70,000 carloads per year. It operates around 123 mi of track, 62 mi of which is mainline track.

[Wikipedia: Bachelor of Independent Studies] A Bachelor of Independent Studies is an undergraduate academic degree. Its program of studies is unique to each student, and the individual curricula are largely determined by each student. It may focus in any field, and generally has two phases: a pre-thesis phase, in which the student takes courses or reading courses, and a thesis phase, in which the student completes a substantial thesis. A similarly name Bachelor of Interdisciplinary Studies is also awarded by some universities. The degree can be considered akin to a degree in general studies.

[Wikipedia: W. D. Richter] W. D. Richter (born December 7, 1945, New Britain, Connecticut) is a screenwriter and film director and producer. He is best known for adapting "Invasion of the Body Snatchers", directing "The Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai Across the 8th Dimension" and co-writing "Big Trouble in Little China".

[Wikipedia: Conan the Barbarian (2011 film)] Conan the Barbarian is a 2011 American sword and sorcery film based on the character of the same name created by Robert E. Howard. The film is a new interpretation of the "Conan" mythology, and is not related to the films featuring Arnold Schwarzenegger. It stars Jason Momoa in the title role, alongside Rachel Nichols, Rose McGowan, Stephen Lang, Ron Perlman, and Bob Sapp with Marcus Nispel directing.

[Wikipedia: Homer Simpson] Homer Jay Simpson is a fictional character and the main protagonist of the American animated television series "The Simpsons" as the patriarch of the eponymous family. He is voiced by Dan Castellaneta and first appeared on television, along with the rest of his family, in "The Tracey Ullman Show" short "Good Night" on April 19, 1987. Homer was created and designed by cartoonist Matt Groening while he was waiting in the lobby of James L. Brooks' office. Groening had been called to pitch a series of shorts based on his comic strip "Life in Hell" but instead decided to create a new set of characters. He named the character after his father, Homer Groening. After appearing for three seasons on "The Tracey Ullman Show", the Simpson family got their own series on Fox that debuted December 17, 1989.

[Wikipedia: Bardufoss concentration camp] The Bardufoss concentration camp is located in Northern Norway in the municipality of Målselv. During the occupation of Norway by Nazi Germany, the Nazi authorities established a "concentration camp in the town of Bardufoss," as an annex to the Grini concentration camp. It opened in March 1944 to alleviate overflowing in other camps, particularly Grini and the Falstad concentration camp. Situated in a cold climate, it was notorious for its hard work regime, sparse rations, and inadequate shelter. It is estimated that some 800 prisoners passed through the camp, and when liberated about 550 were incarcerated.

[Wikipedia: Love Is (Kevin Sharp album)] Love Is is the title of the second album released by American country music artist Kevin Sharp. The two singles released from the album, "Love Is All That Really Matters" and "If She Only Knew", both failed to reach the top 40 in the charts while the album itself reached #36 on the "Billboard" Top Country Albums chart. "Her Heart Is Only Human" was originally recorded by Ty Herndon on his 1996 album "Living in a Moment".

[Wikipedia: Apostolic Christian Church (Nazarene)] The Apostolic Christian Church (Nazarene) ("Nazarene" can be alternatively spelled as "Nazarean")is a Christian denomination of the Anabaptist movement. It was formed in the early 1900s as the result of separating from their sister church, the Apostolic Christian Church of America. The Nazarene faith is widely spread across the globe, with congregations in Western Europe, Central and Eastern Europe, North America, Africa, Israel and Oceania. This church should not be confused with the Church of the Nazarene or the Pentecostal Apostolic Church which are entirely different denominations.

[Wikipedia: Cumbrian dialect] The Cumbrian dialect is a local Northern English dialect in decline, spoken in Cumbria (including historic Cumberland and Westmorland) and surrounding northern England, not to be confused with the area's extinct Celtic language, Cumbric. Most of the parts of Cumbria have a more North-East English sound to them. Whilst clearly being a Northern English accent, it shares much vocabulary with Scots. A "Cumbrian Dictionary of Dialect, Tradition and Folklore" by William Rollinson exists, as well a more contemporary and lighthearted "Cumbrian Dictionary and Phrase Book".

[Wikipedia: Sissy Spacek] Mary Elizabeth "Sissy" Spacek ( ; born December 25, 1949) is an American actress and singer. She began her career in the early 1970s and first gained attention for her role in the film "Badlands" (1973). Her major breakthrough came in 1976 when she played the title character of Carrie White in Brian De Palma's horror film "Carrie", based on the first novel by Stephen King, for which she earned an Oscar nomination (a rare feat for an actor or actress in a horror movie). She won the Academy Award for Best Actress for her portrayal of Loretta Lynn in the 1980 film "Coal Miner's Daughter," and also earned a Grammy nomination for the song "Coal Miner's Daughter" from the film's soundtrack. She went on to receive further Oscar nominations for her roles in "Missing" (1982), "The River" (1984) and "Crimes of the Heart" (1986). "Coal Miner's Daughter" and "Crimes of the Heart" also won her the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress in a Musical or Comedy.

[Wikipedia: Danish West Indies] The Danish West Indies (Danish: "Dansk Vestindien" ) or Danish Antilles was a Danish colony in the Caribbean, consisting of the islands of Saint Thomas with 32 sqmi ; Saint John with 19 sqmi ; and Saint Croix with 84 sqmi . The Danish West India Guinea Company annexed the uninhabited island of Saint Thomas

[Wikipedia: Saúl Craviotto] Saúl Craviotto Rivero (born 3 November 1984) is a Spanish sprint canoer who has been racing since the mid-2000s. He has won four Olympic medals: a gold medal in the K-2 500 m with Carlos Pérez at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, a silver medal in the K-1 200 m event at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, a gold medal in the K-2 200 m with Cristian Toro at the 2016 Summer Olympics and a bronze medal in the K-1 200 m at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro. He served as the flag bearer for Spain at the closing ceremony of the 2012 Olympics.

[Wikipedia: Lara Croft and the Guardian of Light] Lara Croft and the Guardian of Light is an action-adventure game developed by Crystal Dynamics and published by Square Enix for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, Android and, iOS through digital distribution. It is part of the "Tomb Raider" series, but unlike previous games, the game does not carry the "Tomb Raider" brand and has a heavy emphasis on cooperative gameplay. In multiplayer, players take the role as either Lara Croft or a 2,000-year-old Mayan warrior named Totec. They must work together in order to stop the evil spirit Xolotl and retrieve the Mirror of Smoke. A single-player campaign mode is available that does not include the non-playable character AI following or helping Lara.

[Wikipedia: Reckless (Jeremy Camp album)] Reckless is contemporary Christian musician Jeremy Camp's ninth studio album, and the producers are Camp and Andy Dodd. The album was released on February 12, 2013, which all of his album has been released on BEC Recordings label, and this is his eighth album with the label. The first single from the album is entitled "Reckless", which was released on November 16, 2012, and has achieved chart success. Lastly, this album marks the ninth album of Camp's career that includes his first independent release. For the week of March 2, 2013, the album was the No. 31 most sold album in the nation via the "Billboard" 200 chart, which the album was the No. 10 most popular Rock album in the same week, and it was the most popular Christian album, as well.

[Wikipedia: Gevherhan Sultan (daughter of Selim II)] Gevherhan Sultan (born 1544, Ottoman Turkish: کوھرخان سلطان‎ ) was an Ottoman princess, the daughter of Sultan Selim II (reign 1566—1574) and Nurbanu Sultan. She was the granddaughter of Suleiman the Magnificent (reign 1520–66) and Hürrem Sultan, sister of Sultan Murad III (reign 1574–95) and aunt of Sultan Mehmed III (reign 1595–1603).

[Wikipedia: Ed Mangano] Edward P. "Ed" Mangano (born March 24, 1962) is an American politician from the state of New York. He is the County Executive and a former legislator in Nassau County, New York. He was elected in 1995 and served seven terms as a county legislator. He defeated incumbent Thomas R. Suozzi for Nassau County Executive in an election that was held on November 3, 2009. In November 2013, he was re-elected as County Executive, again defeating Suozzi, by 59% to 41% to be elected to a second, consecutive, term.

[Wikipedia: Ben McNiece] Ben McNiece (born 22 March 1992) is a professional Australian rules footballer playing for the Essendon Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL). He was recruited by Essendon as a category B rookie through the next generation academy in November 2016, qualifying by virtue of his mother being Indian. He had previously played for Essendon's VFL team for the prior two seasons. He made his AFL debut in the Anzac Day clash against Collingwood at the Melbourne Cricket Ground in round five of the 2017 season in an eighteen-point win.

[Wikipedia: Michael P. Fay] Michael Peter Fay (born May 30, 1975), better known simply as Michael Fay, is a United States citizen who was the subject of international attention in 1994 when he was sentenced to six strokes of the cane in Singapore for theft and vandalism at age 18. Although caning is a routine court sentence in Singapore, its barbarity caused controversy in the United States, and Fay's case was believed to be the first caning involving an American citizen. The number of cane strokes in Fay's sentence was ultimately reduced from six to four after United States officials requested leniency.

[Wikipedia: Brooksbank baronets] The Brooksbank Baronetcy, of Healaugh Manor, in the parish of Healaugh, in the West Riding of the County of York, is a title in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom. It was created on 15 September 1919 for Edward Brooksbank. He was a Justice of the Peace and a Deputy Lieutenant for the West Riding of Yorkshire. He was succeeded by his grandson, the second Baronet (the son of Lieutenant-Colonel Edward Brooksbank, eldest son of the first Baronet). He was a Colonel in the Yorkshire Yeomanry and also served as a justice of the peace and as a Deputy Lieutenant of the East Riding of Yorkshire. As of 2007 the title is held by his son, the third Baronet, who succeeded in 1983.

[Wikipedia: Gone with the Bullets] Gone with the Bullets (Chinese: 一步之遥) is a 2014 Chinese film directed by Jiang Wen and also starring Jiang Wen, Ge You, Zhou Yun and Shu Qi. Production started on location in Beijing at the China Film Group studio in Huairou on October 2, 2013. Production wrapped before the Chinese New Year holiday. The film was released on December 18, 2014. It was screened in the main competition section of the 65th Berlin International Film Festival.

[Wikipedia: Electronic Systems Center] Electronic Systems Center was a product center of Air Force Materiel Command (AFMC) headquartered at Hanscom Air Force Base, Massachusetts. Its mission was to develop and acquire command and control, communications, computer, and intelligence systems. ESC consisted of professional teams specializing in engineering, computer science, and business management. The teams supervised the design, development, testing, production, and deployment of command and control systems. Two of ESC's most well-known developments were the Airborne Warning and Control System (AWACS), developed in the 1970s, and the Joint Surveillance Target Attack Radar System (JointSTARS), developed in the 1980s.

[Wikipedia: Mystikal] Michael Lawrence Tyler (born September 22, 1970), known professionally as Mystikal, is an American rapper and actor from New Orleans, Louisiana.

[Wikipedia: Structural formula] The structural formula of a chemical compound is a graphic representation of the molecular structure, showing how the atoms are arranged. The chemical bonding within the molecule is also shown, either explicitly or implicitly. Unlike chemical formulas, which have a limited number of symbols and are capable of only limited descriptive power, structural formulas provide a complete geometric representation of the molecular structure. For example, many chemical compounds exist in different isomeric forms, which have different enantiomeric structures but the same chemical formula. A structural formula is able to indicate arrangements of atoms in three dimensional space in a way that a chemical formula may not be able to do.

[Wikipedia: Libby Lane] Elizabeth Jane Holden "Libby" Lane (born 8 December 1966) is a Church of England bishop. Since January 2015, she has been the Bishop of Stockport, a suffragan bishop in the Diocese of Chester. She is the first woman to be appointed as a bishop by the Church of England, after its General Synod voted in July 2014 to allow women to become bishops. Her consecration took place on 26 January 2015 at York Minster.

[Wikipedia: Easter (Marillion song)] Easter is a song from English neo-progressive rock band Marillion's 1989 album "Seasons End", which became a UK Top 40 hit when issued as a single in 1990. Allmusic describe the song as "heartfelt" with an "imaginative electric-acoustic arrangement". As with many Marillion songs, the album version features an extended guitar solo by Steve Rothery, which has become a fan-favourite, although it is heavily edited for the single version. The song was written by singer Steve Hogarth before he joined the band in 1989 and was inspired by The Troubles in Northern Ireland. The title is in reference to Easter 1916 by William Butler Yeats. Portions of the video were filmed on the Giants Causeway.

[Wikipedia: She's My Baby (Traveling Wilburys song)] "She's My Baby" is a song by supergroup the Traveling Wilburys and is the opening track on their 1990 studio album "Traveling Wilburys Vol. 3". The song was also released as the first single from that album. The lead guitar is played by Gary Moore.

[Wikipedia: Smiley (2012 film)] Smiley is a 2012 American psychological slasher horror film directed by Michael Gallagher and made by Level 10 Films. The film stars were Caitlin Gerard, Melanie Papalia, Keith David, Shane Dawson, Andrew James Allen, Toby Turner, and Liza Weil. The film was released on October 12, 2012.

[Wikipedia: Westfield Stratford City] Westfield Stratford City is a shopping centre in Stratford, London. The centre opened on 13 September 2011. With a total retail floor area of 1905542 sqft , it is one of the largest urban shopping centres in Europe. It is the third-largest shopping centre in the United Kingdom by retail space behind the MetroCentre and the Trafford Centre. Taking the surrounding shopping area into account, it is the largest urban shopping centre in the European Union in terms of size.

[Wikipedia: Alexander Laszlo (composer)] Alexander Laszlo (November 22, 1895 Budapest (Hungary) - November 17, 1970 Los Angeles, California) was a Hungarian-American pianist, musical composer, arranger and inventor. He was born Sandor ("San") Totis, but used the professional name of Alexander Laszlo as a composer and music publisher.

[Wikipedia: List of cocktails] A cocktail is a mixed drink typically made with a distilled beverage (such as, gin, brandy, vodka, whiskey, tequila, cachaça or rum) that is mixed with other ingredients. If beer is one of the ingredients, the drink is called a beer cocktail.

[Wikipedia: Breakthrough role] A breakthrough role, also known as breakout role, is a term in the film industry to describe the performance of an actor or actress in a film or television show which contributed significantly to the development of their career and beginning of critical recognition. Such a moment in an actor's career may often occur some time after they begin acting as their roles become more substantial. Often a breakthrough role is a significant increase in importance in the actor's part in the film moving up from a minor character or extra to one of the leading cast, or a "high impact" role in a film which has mainstream success and results in the widespread recognition or popularity of the actor. Martin Shingler defines a breakthrough performance as one which "attracts the attention of film critics, or receives rave reviews and is subsequently nominated for a major film award."

[Wikipedia: Odoacer] Flavius Odoacer (c. 433 – 493 AD), also known as Flavius Odovacer or Odovacar (Italian: "Odoacre" , Latin: "Odoacer, Odoacar, Odovacar, Odovacris" ), was a soldier who in 476 became the first King of Italy (476–493). His reign is commonly seen as marking the end of the Western Roman Empire. Though the real power in Italy was in his hands, he represented himself as the client of the Emperor in Constantinople. Odoacer generally used the Roman honorific "patrician," granted by the Emperor Zeno, but is referred to as a king (Latin: "rex" ) in many documents and he himself used it in the only surviving official document emanated from his chancery; also it was used by the consul Basilius. Odoacer introduced few important changes into the administrative system of Italy. He had the support of the Roman Senate and was able to distribute land to his followers without much opposition. Unrest among his warriors led to violence in 477–478, but no such disturbances occurred during the later period of his reign. Although Odoacer was an Arian Christian, he rarely intervened in the affairs of the orthodox and trinitarian state church of the Roman Empire.

[Wikipedia: ISS year long mission] The One-Year Mission on the International Space Station is a scientific research project that studies the health effects of long term spaceflight. Scott Kelly and Mikhail Korniyenko spent 342 days in space, with scientists performing medical experiments. Kelly and Kornienko launched on 27 March 2015 on Soyuz TMA-16M along with Gennady Padalka. The mission encompassed Expeditions 43, 44, 45 and 46. The pair safely landed in Kazakhstan on March 2, 2016, returning aboard Soyuz TMA-18M with Sergey Volkov. The mission supported the NASA Twins study, which helps shed light on the health effects of long duration spaceflight, which is of interest for Mars missions especially.

[Wikipedia: The La's] The La's were an English rock band from Liverpool, originally active from 1983 until 1992. Fronted by singer, songwriter and guitarist Lee Mavers, the group are best known for their hit single "There She Goes". The band was formed by Mike Badger in 1983 and Mavers joined the next year, although for most of the group's history, the frequently changing line-up revolved around the core duo of Lee Mavers (vocals, guitar) and John Power (bass, backing vocals) along with numerous other guitarists and drummers including Paul Hemmings, John "Timmo" Timson, Peter "Cammy" Cammell, Iain Templeton, John "Boo" Byrne, Chris Sharrock, Barry Sutton and Neil Mavers.

[Wikipedia: Olive Moore] Constance Edith Vaughan (September 1904 – ca. 1970), better known by her pseudonym Olive Moore, was a modernist English writer best known for three well-esteemed novels: "Celestial Seraglio" (1929), "Spleen" (1930), and "Fugue" (1932), and for the acerbic essay collection "The Apple Is Bitten Again" (1934). She also produced an essay on D.H. Lawrence, entitled "Further Reflections on the Death of a Porcupine", which was privately printed in 1933 and included in her essay collection. Her "Collected Writings" was published in 1992.

[Wikipedia: James Blackmon Sr.] James Blackmon Sr. (born August 7, 1964) is an American basketball coach and former noted college and high school player. Blackmon has coached two teams to the class 2A high school basketball championship in Indiana, winning back-to-back titles in 2008 and 2009. Blackmon played basketball in college for the University of Kentucky Wildcats. As a senior at Marion High School, in Marion, Indiana, Blackmon was runner-up for the award of Indiana Mr. Basketball, won that year by Steve Alford. Blackmon was named to the McDonald's All-American and Parade All-American teams in recognition of his high school success.

[Wikipedia: Torment (band)] Torment is a Peruvian black metal band formed in 2004 by Satanael (guitar, vocals) and Raksaza (drums). They are renowned for introducing noise music into black metal in their early albums. This band is also infamous for the drummer's involvement in some National Socialist black metal bands.

[Wikipedia: North Muskegon Public Schools] North Muskegon Public Schools is a public school district located in North Muskegon, Michigan. It is a constituent of the Muskegon Area Intermediate School District in Muskegon County.

[Wikipedia: Butcher's Broom (book)] Butcher's Broom is an epic, historical novel by Neil M. Gunn written in 1934. Based on a semi-fictionalised account of the Highland Clearances in Sutherland, the novel deals with the decline of Highland culture in a wide scope of pre-Clearance and post-Clearance life, as well as the Clearances themselves.

[Wikipedia: Derick Burleson] Derick Wade Burleson (September 9, 1963 – December 29, 2016) was an American academic and writer. He was the author of Never Night (Marick Press 2008). His first collection of poems, Ejo: Poems, Rwanda 1991-94, won the 2000 Felix Pollak Prize in Poetry. He was also the recipient of a 1999 National Endowment for the Arts Fellowship in Poetry. His poems have appeared in The Georgia Review, The Kenyon Review, The Paris Review, Poetry, and many other journals. He lived and taught English in Rwanda in the two years leading up to the genocide which took place in 1994. A recipient of a 1999 National Endowment for the Arts Fellowship in Poetry, Burleson taught creative writing and literature at the University of Alaska Fairbanks, and lived with his daughter in Two Rivers, Alaska until his death.

[Wikipedia: Lower South Bay, New York] Lower South Bay, commonly called South Bay, is a hamlet on the southwest corner of Oneida Lake, Onondaga County, New York State, United States. It is opposite North Bay, and is surrounded by many islands to the west, north and east, including Geersbeck Island, Hall Island, Glosky Island, Schroeppel Island, Denmans Island and Long Island (not to be confused with Long Island, New York City). Lower South Bay also lies near the town of Cicero, about 2 miles west.

[Wikipedia: Galata Bridge] The Galata Bridge (Turkish: "Galata Köprüsü" , ] ) is a bridge that spans the Golden Horn in Istanbul, Turkey. From the end of the 19th century in particular, the bridge has featured in Turkish literature, theater, poetry and novels.

[Wikipedia: List of Super Bowl halftime shows] Halftime shows are a tradition during American football games at all levels of competition. Entertainment during the Super Bowl, the annual championship game of the National Football League (NFL), represents a fundamental link to pop culture, which helps broaden the television audience and nationwide interest. As the Super Bowl itself is typically the most-watched event on television in the United States annually, the halftime show has been equally-viewed in recent years: the halftime show of Super Bowl XLIX featuring Katy Perry was viewed by 118.5 million, as part of an overall telecast that peaked at 120.3 million at its conclusion—the most-watched television broadcast in U.S. history. The NFL claims that the Super Bowl LI halftime show, with Lady Gaga was the "most-watched musical event of all-time", citing a figure of 150 million viewers based on the television audience, as well as unique viewership of video postings of the halftime show on the league's platforms, and social media interactions. However, the show was only seen by 117.5 million television viewers, making it the second-highest-rated halftime show behind Super Bowl XLIX.

[Wikipedia: Love &amp; Other Drugs] Love & Other Drugs is a 2010 American erotic romantic drama comedy film directed and co-written by Edward Zwick and based on the non-fiction book "Hard Sell: The Evolution of a Viagra Salesman" by Jamie Reidy. The film stars Jake Gyllenhaal and Anne Hathaway, who originally starred together in "Brokeback Mountain". Oliver Platt, Hank Azaria, Josh Gad and Gabriel Macht also star. The film was released in the United States on November 25, 2010, received mixed reviews from critics and grossed $102 million.

[Wikipedia: Spam musubi] Spam musubi is a popular snack and lunch food in Hawaii composed of a slice of grilled Spam on top of a block of rice, wrapped together with nori in the tradition of Japanese "omusubi".

[Wikipedia: Drug user] The term drug user is often used to refer to a person who consumes an illegal psychoactive substance. The term "user" is typically employed to refer to someone who is a drug user, abuser, or addict. Drug users are sometimes referred to as "heads", depending on the drug used, i.e., pothead, hophead, crackhead, etc.

[Wikipedia: List of Connecticut Huskies head baseball coaches] The Connecticut Huskies baseball program is a college baseball team that represents the University of Connecticut in the Big East Conference. The Huskies compete in the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I. The current head coach is Jim Penders, who will coach his tenth season in 2013.

[Wikipedia: Hidden Identity (TV series)] Hidden Identity () is a 2015 South Korean television series starring Kim Bum, Park Sung-woong, Yoon So-yi and Lee Won-jong. It aired on tvN from June 16 to August 4, 2015 on Mondays and Tuesdays at 23:00 for 16 episodes.

[Wikipedia: Creature Double Feature] Creature Double Feature was a syndicated horror show, broadcast in the Boston and Philadelphia area during the 1970s and 1980s. It sometimes also aired under names like Sci-Fi Flix and Creature Feature. The movies broadcast were taken from the classic Universal Horror movies of the 1930s to 1950s, the Hammer Studios and American International Pictures films of the 1950s, Roger Corman's horror films of the 1960s, and Toho Studio's "giant monster" (known in Japanese as either kaiju or tokusatsu) movies of the 1950s, 1960s, and 1970s.

[Wikipedia: Amy O'Neill] Amy O'Neill (born July 8, 1971) is an American performer and former actress. After appearing in several sitcoms and starring as Molly Stark on "The Young and the Restless" in 1986, she was cast in her notable role as Amy Szalinski in the 1989 Disney film, "Honey, I Shrunk the Kids", for which she was nominated for a Young Artist Award. She reprised her role as Amy Szalinski in the 1992 sequel, "Honey, I Blew Up the Kid" and appeared as Lisa Barnes in "Where's Rodney?".

[Wikipedia: Adelaide Glaciarium] The Adelaide Glaciarium (also known as Ice Palace Skating Rink) was the first indoor ice skating facility built in Australia. This is the birthplace for ice skating in Australia and is the location of the first hockey on the ice match in the country, which was an adaptation of roller polo for the ice using ice skates. Contemporary ice hockey was never played at this venue but this ice skating rink, the country's first, provided the "test bed" facility for its successor the Melbourne Glaciarium, the birthplace of ice hockey in Australia.

[Wikipedia: Cornered (1945 film)] Cornered is a 1945 film noir starring Dick Powell and directed by Edward Dmytryk. This is the second teaming of Powell and Dmytryk (after "Murder, My Sweet"). Many scenes shot by cinematographer Harry J. Wild and Dmytryk stand out as classic film noir. The screenplay was written by John Paxton with uncredited help from Ben Hecht.

[Wikipedia: Forest Hill Chase Shopping Centre] Forest Hill Chase Shopping Centre is a major regional shopping centre located in the eastern suburb of Forest Hill in Melbourne, Australia. Owned by Blackstone and managed by JLL, the centre is among the oldest in Victoria, opening on 30 June 1964 as an outdoor strip shopping centre, before being developed over the years into its current three level indoor form. Currently, Forest Hill Chase contains 200 stores and over 3500 free car parking spaces. The centre has three supermarkets, two discount department stores and one traditional department store spread across 3 levels. The architecture is distinguished by a roof of polycarbonate construction with a barrel vault design.

[Wikipedia: On Parole] On Parole is the first recording made by the band Motörhead. It was left unreleased at the time of its completion in 1976, and it was not released until over three years later, on 8 December 1979, after the commercial success of "Overkill" and "Bomber" that same year. It was released without the band's permission, and they consequently distanced themselves from it upon its release.

[Wikipedia: Mary J. Gregor] Mary J. Gregor (January 1, 1928 – October 31, 1994) was an American author, translator, and professor. She was a Kant scholar and Professor Emeritus of Philosophy at San Diego State University, best known for translating the works of the German philosopher Immanuel Kant.

[Wikipedia: Hans Knirsch] Hans Knirsch (September 14, 1877, Triebendorf – December 6, 1933, Duchcov) was an Austro-German activist from Moravia for Austrian National Socialism. After the breakup of the Austro-Hungarian Empire, he led the original party in Bohemia, called the Sudeten German National Socialist Party. Together with Rudolf Jung and Hans Krebs, he was one of the original core of National Socialists that remained in the Nazi Party after 1933.

[Wikipedia: Back from the Grave, Volume 4 (CD)] Back from the Grave, Volume 4 (CD), is the fourth installment in the Back from the Grave compact disc-exclusive series of garage rock compilations assembled by Tim Warren of Crypt Records. It was released on October 10, 2000. Its track listing differs from that of the LP version, which is part of the "Back From the Grave" LP-edition series, also on Crypt. In keeping with all of the entries in the series, and as indicated in the subheading which reads "Raw 'n' Crude Mid-60s Garage Punk!," this collection consists of many songs which display the rawer and more aggressive side of the genre and are often characterized by the use of fuzztone-distorted guitars and rough vocals. Accordingly, the set generally excludes psychedelic, folk rock, and pop-influenced material in favor of basic primitive rock and roll. The packaging features a booklet containing well-researched liner notes written by Tim Warren which conveys basic information about each song and group, such as origin, recording date, and biographical sketches, usually written in a conversational style that includes occasional slang, anecdotes, humorous asides. The liner notes are noticeably opinionated, sometimes engaging in tongue-in-cheek insults directed at other genres of music. The booklet also includes photographs of the bands, and the front cover features a highly satirical cartoon by Mort Todd depicting revivified "rock and roll" zombies who, on this occasion, with the help of Batman's sidekick, Robin, have taken the 1966 TV series Batmobile out for a "wild joyride" and are intent on causing as much mayhem as possible and "lassoing" unsuspecting bystanders—only on this outing, their "victims" are more "randomly selected" than as customarily portrayed on "Back from the Grave" sleeves.

[Wikipedia: Rose Mary Woods] Rose Mary Woods (December 26, 1917 – January 22, 2005) was Richard Nixon's secretary from his days in Congress in 1951, through the end of his political career. Before H. R. Haldeman and John Ehrlichman became the operators of Nixon's presidential campaign, Woods was Nixon's gatekeeper.

[Wikipedia: Soft Cell's Non-Stop Exotic Video Show] Soft Cell's: Non-Stop Exotic Video Show is a video album by British synthpop duo Soft Cell. It is a companion release to their debut album, "Non-Stop Erotic Cabaret". The collection was originally issued on VHS, Betamax and Laserdisc in 1982, and re-issued on DVD in 2004.

[Wikipedia: 1996 AFC Asian Cup] The Asian Football Confederation's 1996 AFC Asian Cup finals were held in the United Arab Emirates between 4 and 21 December. Saudi Arabia defeated host nation U.A.E. in the final match in Abu Dhabi As the Runners-up, U.A.E. represented the AFC in the 1997 FIFA Confederations Cup because Saudi Arabia qualified automatically as host.

[Wikipedia: The Doors: Vinyl Box Set] The Doors: Vinyl Box Set is the seventh box set for the rock band The Doors. It is a 7 record set of the original 6 Doors albums, remastered in stereo from the original analogue tapes with a mono version of the debut album. Artwork, packaging, and inner sleeves are replicas of the originals from 1967-1971. The box set was originally planned to be released in October 2007, but was delayed due to a problem with the vinyl, as well as other problems in the production of the box set. The delay ran until February 2008. Reasons for the delay included faulty test pressings, inferiority of the L.A. Woman artwork, and bad compounds in the vinyl that was used first, which caused a search for a new source of virgin vinyl.

[Wikipedia: Austrian Empire] The Austrian Empire (Austrian German: "Kaiserthum Oesterreich" , modern spelling "Kaisertum Österreich ") was a Central European multinational great power from 1804 to 1867 created by proclamation out of the realms of the Habsburgs. It was the third most populous empire after Russia and France, as well as the largest and strongest country in the German Confederation. Geographically, it was the second largest empire in Europe after the Russian Empire (621,538 square kilometres [239,977 sq mi]). Proclaimed in response to the First French Empire, it overlapped with the Holy Roman Empire until the latter's dissolution in 1806. The "Ausgleich" of 1867 elevated Hungary's status. It became a separate entity from the Empire entirely, joining with it in the dual monarchy of Austria-Hungary.

[Wikipedia: Dan Castellaneta] Daniel Louis Castellaneta ( ; born October 29, 1957) is an American actor, voice actor, comedian and screenwriter. Noted for his long-running role as Homer Simpson on the animated television series "The Simpsons", he also voices many other characters for the show, including Abraham "Grampa" Simpson, Barney Gumble, Krusty the Clown, Sideshow Mel, Groundskeeper Willie, Mayor Quimby and Hans Moleman.

[Wikipedia: Battle of Liberty] The Battle of Liberty (also known as the Battle of Blue Mills Landing or the Battle of Blue Mills) was a battle of the American Civil War that took place on 17 September 1861, in Clay County, Missouri. Union forces unsuccessfully attempted to prevent pro-Confederate Missouri State Guards from northern Missouri from crossing the Missouri River near the confluence with the Blue River to reinforce Sterling Price at Lexington.

[Wikipedia: Batman (album)] Batman is the eleventh studio album by American recording artist Prince and the soundtrack album to the 1989 film "Batman". It was released on June 20, 1989 by Warner Bros. Records. As a Warner Bros. stablemate, Prince's involvement in the soundtrack was designed to leverage the media company's contract-bound talent as well as fulfill the artist's need for a commercial (if not critical) revival. The result was yet another multi-platinum successful cross-media enterprise by Warner Bros., in the vein of "Purple Rain". The album was No. 1 on the "Billboard" albums chart for six consecutive weeks. It has sold over eleven million copies worldwide. In 2016, film critic Matt Zoller Seitz praised Prince's songs and music videos for "Batman", more so than the film itself, stating that his songs "suggest a goofy, perverse, sensuous, somewhat introverted Batman film that so far we've never gotten from anyone", and arguing that Prince's music videos "are more psychologically perceptive than any of the Batman films."

[Wikipedia: 2013–14 Southampton F.C. season] The 2013–14 Southampton F.C. season was the club's 15th season in the Premier League, and their 37th in the top division of English football. Having secured their place in the Premier League the previous season following a seven-year absence from the top flight, the club progressed in their league performance and achieved their main aim of a top-ten finish. Southampton finished eighth in the Premier League table, having won 15, drawn 11, and lost 12 of their 38 games played: their best season since 2002–03. They also made it to the fifth round of the FA Cup and the fourth round of the League Cup.

[Wikipedia: Groom Range] The Groom Range is a mountain range in Lincoln County, Nevada. It is located within the Nevada Test and Training Range, north of Groom Dry Lake. The highest point in the Groom Range is 9,249 feet. The Groom Range is situated 26.6 miles north of the dry Groom Lake.

[Wikipedia: Mickey's Christmas Carol] Mickey's Christmas Carol is a 1983 American animated featurette produced by Walt Disney Productions and released by Buena Vista Distribution. It was directed and produced by Burny Mattinson. The cartoon is an adaptation of Charles Dickens' "A Christmas Carol", starring Scrooge McDuck as Ebenezer Scrooge. Many other Disney characters, primarily from the Mickey Mouse universe, "Robin Hood", and "The Adventures of Ichabod and Mr. Toad", were cast throughout the film.

[Wikipedia: Eddie Albert] Edward Albert Heimberger (April 22, 1906 – May 26, 2005), known professionally as Eddie Albert, was an American actor and activist. He was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor in 1954 for his performance in "Roman Holiday", and in 1973 for "The Heartbreak Kid".

[Wikipedia: Pit River Bridge] The Pit River Bridge (officially the Veterans of Foreign Wars Memorial Bridge) is a double deck, deck truss, road and rail bridge over Shasta Lake in Shasta County, California. The bridge, carrying Interstate 5 on its upper deck and Union Pacific Railroad on its lower deck, was built in 1942 as part of the construction of the Shasta Dam/Shasta Lake reservoir system. The Pit River Bridge was constructed to replace the Lower Pit River Bridge, as the rising waters of the Shasta Lake reservoir would have put the older bridge underwater. The entire bridge spans 3588 ft long on the upper deck and 2754 ft on the lower deck. With a height of 500 ft above the old Pit River bed, it is structurally the highest double decked bridge in the United States; however, today the bridge sits only about 40 ft above the water when Shasta Lake is full.

[Wikipedia: Make Mine Music] Make Mine Music is a 1946 American animated anthology film produced by Walt Disney and released to theatres on April 20, 1946. It is the 8th Disney animated feature film.

[Wikipedia: Hikoboshi] Hikoboshi (彦星 , Male Star ) is the Japanese name for the star Altair, also known as Natsuhikoboshi (夏彦星 , Summer Male Star ) or Kengyūsei (牽牛星 , Cow Herder Star ) in Japanese.

[Wikipedia: Megacheira] Megacheira ("Great Hands") is an extinct class of predatory arthropods that possessed a pair of short enlarged appendages (the source of the class' name). They strongly resemble early chelicerates. Most of them were found in marine environments throughout the world from the lower to middle Cambrian. The group might also contain one species ("Enalikter aphson") described from the Silurian Herefordshire Lagerstätte of the United Kingdom, and one species ("Bundenbachiellus giganteus") known from the Early Devonian of Germany; however, the interpretation of these taxa as megacheirans was challenged by Struck "et al." (2015). Megacheirans were important components of several faunas, including the Burgess, Wheeler and Maotianshan Shales Lagerstatten. Genera referred to the class include "Leanchoilia", "Alalcomenaeus", "Oestokerkus", "Yohoia", "Fortiforceps" and "Jianfengia".

[Wikipedia: List of The Emperor's New Groove characters] The following are fictional characters from Disney's 2000 film "The Emperor's New Groove", its direct-to-video sequel "Kronk's New Groove", and the spin-off television series "The Emperor's New School".

[Wikipedia: Prime Minister of Armenia] The Prime Minister of Armenia is the head of government and most senior minister within the Armenian government, and is required by the constitution to "oversee the Government's regular activities and coordinate the work of the Ministers." The Prime Minister is appointed by the President of Armenia, but can be removed by a vote of no confidence in Parliament. The office of President is generally considered to be more powerful than the office of Prime Minister. In constitutional referendum held in 2015, citizens voted in favor of transferring Armenia into a parliamentary republic. It will be fully introduced in 2018. The office of President will become ceremonial post and Prime Minister's office will be the most powerful in the country.

[Wikipedia: Ip Man (film series)] Ip Man is a series of Hong Kong biographical martial arts films starting with "Ip Man" in 2008 and followed by two sequels – "Ip Man 2" (2010) and "Ip Man 3" (2015). All three films are directed by Wilson Yip, written by Edmond Wong, produced by Raymond Wong and star Donnie Yen. Mandarin Films released the first two films in Hong Kong, which earned more than $37 million with a budget of around $24.6 million. The films are based on the life events of the Wing Chun master of the same name. Donnie Yen has mentioned each film has a unique theme, that the first "Ip Man" film was about "Survival", "Ip Man 2" focuses on "Making a Living and Adaptation", while "Ip Man 3" focuses on "Life" itself.

[Wikipedia: The Pirate Fairy] The Pirate Fairy (previously known as Quest for the Queen) is a 2014 American 3D computer-animated fantasy film directed by Peggy Holmes. It is the fifth direct-to-video feature-length animated film in the DisneyToon Studios' "Tinker Bell" film series and the "Disney Fairies" franchise, based on the character Tinker Bell from J. M. Barrie's "Peter and Wendy". The film features the voices of Mae Whitman, reprising her role of Tinker Bell, Christina Hendricks as a dust-keeper fairy named Zarina, and Tom Hiddleston as a much younger James Hook.

[Wikipedia: Next of Kin (TV series)] Next of Kin is a British sitcom that aired on BBC1 from 15 May 1995 to 20 February 1997. It starred Penelope Keith in her last regular sitcom role. The plot follows well-to-do couple Maggie and Andrew Prentice who are forced to abandon their dreams of early retirement after they reluctantly become guardians of their orphaned grandchildren, after the death of their estranged son. It was written by Gavin Petrie and Jan Etherington.

[Wikipedia: Costus] Costus is a group of perennial herbaceous plants in the family (Costaceae) described by Linnaeus as a genus in 1753. It was formerly known as "Hellenia" after the Finish botanist Carl Niclas von Hellens. It is widespread through tropical and subtropical regions of Asia, Africa, and the Americas.

[Wikipedia: Mystère (Cirque du Soleil)] Mystère is a Cirque du Soleil show in permanent residence at the Treasure Island Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas, Nevada, United States. It is one of six resident Cirque du Soleil shows in Las Vegas, the others being "O", "Zumanity", "Kà", "Love", and "". "Mystère" was first performed on December 25, 1993 and quickly won over audiences with its unique style of circus entertainment. As with many Cirque du Soleil productions, "Mystère" features a mixture of circus skills, dance, elaborate sets, opera, worldbeat music, and street theatre-style comedy.

[Wikipedia: Wojtek Wolski] Wojciech "Wojtek" Wolski (] ; born February 24, 1986) is a Polish-Canadian professional ice hockey left winger currently playing for HC Kunlun Red Star of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL). In the NHL, he has played for the Colorado Avalanche, Phoenix Coyotes, New York Rangers, Florida Panthers, and the Washington Capitals. During the 2012 NHL lockout, he played for Ciarko PBS Bank KH Sanok in the PHL, the top-tier hockey league in Poland. While he holds dual citizenship, Wolski is a product of the Canadian training system and is currently ineligible to represent Poland internationally.

[Wikipedia: Shia LaBeouf] Shia Saide LaBeouf ( ; born June 11, 1986) is an American actor, performance artist, and filmmaker. He became known among younger audiences as Louis Stevens in the Disney Channel series "Even Stevens", a role for which LaBeouf received a Young Artist Award nomination in 2001 and won a Daytime Emmy Award in 2003. He made his film debut in "The Christmas Path" (1998). In 2004, he made his directorial debut with the short film "Let's Love Hate" and later directed a short film titled "Maniac" (2011), starring American rappers Cage and Kid Cudi.

[Wikipedia: Michel Audiard] Paul Michel Audiard (] ; 15 May 1920 – 27 July 1985) was a French screenwriter and film director. He was the father of French film director Jacques Audiard.

[Wikipedia: Mike Oldfield] Michael Gordon Oldfield (born 15 May 1953) is an English musician and composer. His work blends progressive rock with world, folk, classical, electronic, ambient, and new-age music. His biggest commercial success is the 1973 album "Tubular Bells"which launched Virgin Records and became a hit in America after its opening was used as the theme for the film "The Exorcist". He recorded the 1983 hit single "Moonlight Shadow" and a rendition of the Christmas piece "In Dulci Jubilo".

[Wikipedia: The Wonder Who?] The Wonder Who? was a "nom de disque" of The Four Seasons for four single records released from 1965 to 1967. It was one of a handful of "names" used by the group at that time, including Frankie Valli (as a "solo" artist even though the Four Seasons were present on the record) and The Valli Boys. Wonder Who? recordings generally feature the falsetto singing by Valli, but with a softer falsetto than on "typical" Four Seasons recordings.

[Wikipedia: Pluralist theories of truth] A pluralist theory of truth is a theory of truth which posits that there may be more than one property that makes a proposition true.

[Wikipedia: Stu Shea] K. Stuart "Stu" Shea (born January 9, 1957) is an American business executive and leader and intelligence professional serving in a leadership capacity to public and private companies, as well as an advisor to government agencies, private equity investors, and academic institutions. Shea is Chief Executive Officer of Peraton, a national security technology company. He is the former President & Chief Operating Officer of Leidos, Chief Operating Officer of Science Applications International Corporation (SAIC), and founder and emeritus chairman of the United States Geospatial Intelligence Foundation.

[Wikipedia: Once in a Lifetime: The Best of Talking Heads] Once in a Lifetime: The Best of Talking Heads is a compilation album by Talking Heads. A single disc version of "", it was released outside of the US and UK in place of that album.

[Wikipedia: Florida] Florida (Spanish for "land of flowers") is a state in the southeastern region of the United States. It is bordered to the west by the Gulf of Mexico and Alabama, to the north by Alabama and Georgia, to the east by the Atlantic Ocean, and to the south by the Straits of Florida. Florida is the 22nd-most extensive, the 3rd-most populous, and the 8th-most densely populated of the U.S. states. Jacksonville is the most populous municipality in the state, and is legally the largest city by area in the contiguous United States (due to the consolidation of Jacksonville with Duval County). The Miami metropolitan area is Florida's most populous urban area. The city of Tallahassee is the state capital.

[Wikipedia: Dark Places (2015 film)] Dark Places is a 2015 mystery thriller film directed by Gilles Paquet-Brenner. The screenplay, by Paquet-Brenner, is based on Gillian Flynn's 2009 novel of the same name. It stars Charlize Theron, Christina Hendricks, Nicholas Hoult, and Chloë Grace Moretz.

[Wikipedia: National symbols of Argentina] The National symbols of Argentina are the symbols used in Argentina and abroad to represent the nation and its people. The country has a number of national symbols, some of which are extensively defined by law.

[Wikipedia: Franklin Adreon] Franklin "Pete" Adreon (November 18, 1902 – September 10, 1979) was an American film and television director, producer, screenwriter, and actor.

[Wikipedia: Canadian Tour (Motley Crue Tour)] The North American Tour was a concert tour by American heavy metal band Mötley Crüe. The tour originally only had plans to run through Canada and was described as the band's biggest Canadian tour ever (18 shows) as their previous Canadian tours were up to 5 shows. The opening act for most of the tour was Big Wreck. On May 4, 2013 in Estevan, Saskatchewan, lead guitarist Mick Mars, who already suffers from Ankylosing spondylitis, got knocked down by a fan who was going after lead vocalist Vince Neil, causing the other band members to get upset towards the fan who was tackled to the ground on-stage by security, and even violent in bass guitarist Nikki Sixx's case as he kicked the fan while he was lying on the ground. The band left the stage and announced to the audience that it was uncertain if they would return to finish the concert, but a few moments later they did however come back on-stage and play the remaining songs on their setlist. Eleven dates in the U.S. were later added to the tour.

[Wikipedia: Jai Opetaia] Jai Opetaia (born 30 June 1995, Sydney, New South Whales, Australia) is a Samoan Australian professional boxer.

[Wikipedia: Sofia Airport] Sofia Airport (IATA: SOF, ICAO: LBSF) (Bulgarian: Летище София, "Letishte Sofiya" ) is the main international airport of Bulgaria located 10 km east from the centre of the capital city Sofia. In 2015 the airport surpassed 4 million passengers for the first time and handled a total of 4,088,943 passengers, a 7.2% increase compared to 3,815,158 passengers handled in 2014. In 2016, the number rose to almost 5 million passengers. The airport serves as the home base for BH Air, Bulgaria Air, and Bulgarian Air Charter and as a base for both Ryanair and Wizz Air. The Vrazhdebna Air Base of the Bulgarian Air Force is also located at the airport.

[Wikipedia: Jon Hamm] Jonathan Daniel Hamm (born March 10, 1971) is an American actor, director, and television producer best known for playing advertising executive Don Draper for the AMC television drama series, "Mad Men" (2007–2015).

[Wikipedia: Panicum lycopodioides] Panicum lycopodioides, common name false club-moss panic grass or (in French) panic faux-lycopode, is endemic to the French island of Réunion in the Indian Ocean. It is found at high altitudes on the island, at elevations over 2000 m (6700 feet). The highest point on the island is Piton des Neiges, 3069 m (10,230 feet). The plant requires full sun-light and a cold climate.

[Wikipedia: Deep-sea wood] Far from the most common energy supply, the sun, and from many nutrient supplies closely tied to the surface, the deep sea is still home to a unique ecosystem. Deep-sea wood is the term for wood which sinks to the ocean floor. All organisms of the ocean floor face unique challenges in synthesizing ATP/GTP needed for cellular function and replication. In this case, deep-sea wood supports a unique form of deep sea community life including chemo-synthetic bacteria. Sources of carbon for these organisms are not limited to wood, but also include kelp and the remains of whales. As it is difficult and very costly to simply discover logs that have fallen to the ocean floor, much of what is known about deep-sea wood is obtained from experiments by marine biologists, in which wood is forced to the bottom of the ocean for a set amount of time and is then collected later for sampling.

[Wikipedia: Carl B. Stokes United States Courthouse] The Carl B. Stokes Federal Court House Building is a skyscraper located in downtown Cleveland, Ohio. It is also known as the Carl B. Stokes Federal Court House Tower, Federal Court House Tower, and the Stokes Tower. The 23-story building is 430 ft tall and is located at the corner of Huron Road and Superior Avenue. It is currently the fourth tallest United States courthouse in the country.

[Wikipedia: In Deep (Argent album)] In Deep, released in 1973, is the 4th studio album by Argent; originally released by Epic Records, KE 32195. It features the original full-length recording of "God Gave Rock and Roll to You", which reached No.18 in the UK charts (U.S. #114); when released as a single in edited form later the same year. It was later remade by Kiss as "God Gave Rock 'n' Roll to You II" for the film "Bill & Ted's Bogus Journey" in 1991, when it was a massive worldwide hit.

[Wikipedia: Honda CR-X] The Honda CR-X, originally launched as the Honda Ballade Sports CR-X in Japan, is a front-wheel-drive sport compact car manufactured by Honda between 1983 and 1991. It was replaced by the Honda CR-X del Sol for the 1992 model year. Although there are many supposed definitions for the acronym CR-X, the most widely accepted are "Civic rally cross", and "Civic renaissance model X".

[Wikipedia: Ada Municipal Airport] Ada Municipal Airport (IATA: ADT, ICAO: KADH, FAA LID: ADH) is a public airport located two miles (3 km) north of the central business district of Ada, a city in Pontotoc County, Oklahoma, United States. It is owned by the City of Ada, which is located in southeast Oklahoma, 88 mi southeast of Oklahoma City.

[Wikipedia: Paul Manafort] Paul John Manafort Jr. (born April 1, 1949) is an American lawyer, lobbyist and political consultant. He joined Donald Trump's presidential campaign team in March 2016 and served as campaign manager from June to August 2016. He was previously an adviser to the U.S. presidential campaigns of Republicans Gerald Ford, Ronald Reagan, George H. W. Bush, and Bob Dole. In 1980 Manafort co-founded the Washington, D.C.-based lobbying firm Black, Manafort & Stone, along with principals Charles R. Black Jr., and Roger J. Stone. In 1984 it was renamed Black, Manafort, Stone and Kelly (BMSK) & associates, after Peter G. Kelly was recruited.

[Wikipedia: All of the Lights] "All of the Lights" is a song by American rapper Kanye West, as the fourth single from his fifth studio album, "My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy" (2010). It was produced by West and features additional vocals from several other recording artists, including John Legend, The-Dream, Elly Jackson, Alicia Keys, Fergie, Kid Cudi, Elton John, Drake, and Rihanna; the latter is the only credited feature on the single.

[Wikipedia: Esterwegen concentration camp] The Esterwegen concentration camp near Esterwegen was an early Nazi concentration camp within a series of camps first established in the Emsland district of Germany. It was established in the summer of 1933 as a concentration camp for 2000 so-called political "Schutzhäftlinge" (protective custody prisoners) and was for a time the second largest concentration camp after Dachau. The camp was closed in summer of 1936. Until 1945 the camp was used as a prison camp. Political prisoners and so called "Nacht und Nebel"-prisoners were also held here. Then Esterwegen served as a British internment camp, as a prison, and, until 2000, as a depot for the German Army.

[Wikipedia: Bhabananda Deka] Prof Bhabananda Deka (Assamese:ভৱানন্দ ডেকা) (19 August 1929 – 4 December 2006) has been acknowledged as the pioneer Assam economist and author, who conducted path-breaking research for the very first time on the economy of the far eastern part of India. He was also a leading Indian-Assamese litterateur of the famed 'Awahon-Ramdhenu Era' of Assamese literature during the mid-20th century. He was the author of a total of 115 English and Assamese books including textbooks on a range of fifteen subjects including economics, ancient Assamese literature, philosophy, education, religion, mythology, archaeology, tribal study, poetry, drama, memoirs, civics, political science, biographies; he also edited books and journals. He also authored a variety of research papers and articles about the state of Assam, a state in the north-eastern part of India. He pioneered the writing of books on Economics in Assamese. His Assamese book "Axomor Arthaneeti" was the first ever research-based comprehensive book on Assam Economics, which was published for the first time in 1963. Until this book on Assam Economics was published, there was hardly any comprehensive research-based material available on this crucial topic. Because of his monumental social and intellectual contributions to Assam, he had been conferred with the honorary title of 'Asom Ratna' -- 'Jewel of Assam' by the intellectuals of Assam on 19 August 2007 at a public meet held under the presidency of Prof. (Dr) Satyendra Narayan Goswami.

[Wikipedia: Elizabeth City Regional Airport] Elizabeth City Regional Airport (IATA: ECG, ICAO: KECG, FAA LID: ECG) is a joint civil-military public and military use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) southeast of the central business district of Elizabeth City, in Pasquotank County, North Carolina, United States. The airport, on the shore of the Pasquotank River, is also known as Elizabeth City-Pasquotank County Regional Airport or ECG Regional Airport. It is included in the National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2011–2015, which categorized it as a "general aviation" facility.

[Wikipedia: Priest Rapids Dam] Priest Rapids Dam is a hydroelectric, concrete gravity dam; located on the Columbia River, between the Yakima Firing Range and the Hanford Nuclear Reservation, and bridges Yakima County and Grant County, in the U.S. state of Washington. The dam is 24 miles south of the town of Vantage, and 47 miles northwest of the city of Richland. It is located at mile marker 397.1 from the mouth of the Columbia. It is owned by the Grant County Public Utility District. Priest Rapids, for which the dam was named, are now submerged beneath the dam's reservoir.

[Wikipedia: Chrysalis (EP)] Chrysalis is the debut extended play by South Korean girl group I.O.I, a special group created through the 2016 Mnet survival show, "Produce 101", composed of eleven trainees from different entertainment companies that will promote for a year under YMC Entertainment. The album was released digitally on May 4, 2016 and physically on May 9 with the single "Dream Girls" in two versions, a standard edition and a special edition.

[Wikipedia: Sexual racism] Sexual racism is the "sexual rejection of the racial minority, the conscious attempt on the part of the majority to prevent interracial cohabitation." It is the discrimination between potential sexual or romantic partners on the basis of perceived racial identity. However, not everyone agrees that this should be classified as racism, some argue that distinguishing among partners on the basis of perceived race is not racism at all but a justifiable personal preference. The origins of sexual racism can be explained by looking at its history, especially in the USA, where the abolition of slavery and the Reconstruction Era had significant impacts on interracial mixing. Attitudes towards interracial relationships, and indeed marriage, have increased in positivity in the last 50 years. In 1968, 73% of US citizens disapproved of the right to marry inter-racially, whereas this figure dropped to 17% by 2007, this illustrating the reduction in discriminatory attitudes towards interracial dating. Irrespective of this, there still remains the issue of sexual racism in the online dating world, in that preferences appear to follow a racial hierarchy. The exclusion of races dissimilar to one's own is a main feature of sexual racism, however a reluctance to date inter-racially predominantly spans from the discriminatory views often possessed by those in society, as opposed to purely a same-race individual preference. Moreover, this racial discrimination also deviates into the form of the sexual dehumanisation of individuals of other racial identities. Sharing the basic premise, originating from the 'taboo' nature of interracial relations, individuals of other racial groups are classified as forbidden sexual objects; the result of a racial fetish. This sexualised reductionism is, concurrently, a form of sexual racism.

[Wikipedia: Ryan Cassata] Ryan Otto Cassata (born December 13, 1993) is an American musician, public speaker, writer, filmmaker, and actor. Cassata speaks at high schools and universities on the subject of Gender Dysphoria, being transgender, bullying and his personal transition from female to male, including a double mastectomy surgery in January 2012, when he was 18 years old. He currently resides in San Francisco. He has made appearances on the Larry King Live Show & The Tyra Banks Show to talk about being transgender. He has performed at LGBT music festivals and has gone on tours across the United States of America. Cassata has performed at popular music venues such as Whisky a Go Go, The Saint, The Bitter End, SideWalk Cafe, and Bowery Poetry Club. Cassata won a date on Warped Tour 2013 through the Ernie Ball Battle of the Bands online competition and performed on the Acoustic Basement Stage on June 21, 2013. Cassata also won a date on Warped Tour 2015 through the Ernie Ball Battle of the Bands and performed on the Ernie Ball Stage on June 20, 2015.

[Wikipedia: Believe (Cher song)] "Believe" is a song recorded by American singer-actress Cher. It is the title track from her twenty-second album of the same name (1998), and was released as the lead single from the album on October 19, 1998 by Warner Bros. Records. It was written by Brian Higgins, Stuart McLennen, Paul Barry, Steven Torch, Matthew Gray and Timothy Powell, although Cher claimed later in a 2000 interview that she also wrote part, and was produced by Mark Taylor and Brian Rawling. A considerable departure from Cher's work at the time, "Believe" abandoned the singer's then pop rock-based repertoire in favor of being more club-friendly, in order to engage a younger audience.

[Wikipedia: Prehistoric North Africa] The Prehistory of North Africa spans the period of earliest human presence in the region to the beginning of the Early Dynastic Period of Egypt in c. 3100 BC. North Africa is defined by the United Nations to consist of the seven countries or territories situated between the Sahara desert and the Mediterranean: Algeria, Egypt, Libya, Morocco, Sudan, Tunisia, and Western Sahara. Geographically, it can also be held to include the Saharan portions of Mauritania, Mali, Niger, and Chad. As modern humans are generally believed to originate in Africa, prehistoric North Africa may hold important clues in understanding the evolution and spread of Homo sapiens. Fossils excavated at the Jebel Irhoud site in Morocco have been dated to around 300,000 years ago, making these specimens the oldest anatomically modern humans that have been found.

[Wikipedia: Mammary tumor] A mammary tumor is a neoplasm originating in the mammary gland. It is a common finding in older female dogs and cats that are not spayed, but they are found in other animals as well. The mammary glands in dogs and cats are associated with their nipples and extend from the underside of the chest to the groin on both sides of the midline. There are many differences between mammary tumors in animals and breast cancer in humans, including tumor type, malignancy, and treatment options. The prevalence in dogs is about three times that of women. In dogs, mammary tumors are the second most common tumor (after skin tumors) over all and the most common tumor in female dogs with a reported incidence of 3.4%. Multiple studies have documented that spaying female dogs when young greatly decreases their risk of developing mammary neoplasia when aged. Compared with female dogs left intact, those spayed before puberty have 0.5% of the risk, those spayed after one estrous cycle have 8.0% of the risk, and dogs spayed after two estrous cycles have 26.0% of the risk of developing mammary neoplasia later in life. Overall, unspayed female dogs have a seven times greater risk of developing mammary neoplasia than do those that are spayed. While the benefit of spaying decreases with each estrous cycle, some benefit has been demonstrated in female dogs even up to 9 years of age. There is a much lower risk (about 1 percent) in male dogs and a risk in cats about half that of dogs.

[Wikipedia: Kumar (Singaporean entertainer)] Kumarason Chinnadurai (born 10 August 1968, in Singapore), popularly known as Kumar, is a Singaporean Indian comedian and television host, actor, and drag queen. He made his name at the now defunct Boom Boom Room and was, for a time, synonymous with the cabaret nightclub as its resident performer. Having spent nearly two decades as an entertainer, he has amassed a string of television, stage, and film credits. Currently, he is a regular performer at 3-Monkeys Café in Holland Village and Hard Rock Café. He released his biographical book, "Kumar: From Rags To Drag", in September 2011, in which he publicly came out as gay, making him one of the few openly-gay public figures in Singapore. He also discussed his then-twenty years in show business.

[Wikipedia: The Kautokeino Rebellion] The Kautokeino Rebellion (Norwegian: Kautokeino-opprøret , Northern Sami: Guovdageainnu Stuimmit ) is a 2008 film based on the true story of the Kautokeino riots in Kautokeino, Norway in 1852 in response to the Norwegian exploitation of the Sami community at that time. It is directed by Nils Gaup and was released in January, 2008. Music to this movie was mostly composed by Sami musician Mari Boine.

[Wikipedia: Jacques I Androuet du Cerceau] Jacques I Androuet du Cerceau, also given as Du Cerceau, DuCerceau, or Ducerceau (1510–1584) was a well-known French designer of architecture, ornament, furniture, metalwork and other decorative designs during the 16th century, and the founder of the Androuet du Cerceau family. He introduced Renaissance architecture to France with the assistance of Pierre Lescot, Philibert Delorme and Jean Bullant. Though he was referred to by contemporaries as "architecte" and was even appointed "architecte du roi", he is remembered especially for his suites of engravings produced from 1549 (beginning with a suite of Triumphal arches) from his printshop in Orléans.

[Wikipedia: Estel Tessmer] Estel S. "Zit" Tessmer (February 25, 1910 – June 1972) was an American football and basketball player. A native of Ann Arbor, Michigan, Tessmer attended the University of Michigan where he played for the football and basketball teams. He played as a quarterback for the Michigan Wolverines football teams from 1929 to 1931 and 1933. He won the Chicago Alumni Trophy as a freshman in football. He started three games at the quarterback position in 1930 and three more in 1931, but his playing time at quarterback was limited because the 1930 and 1931 Wolverines included College Football Hall of Fame quarterback Harry Newman. After losing the starting quarterback job to Newman, Tessmer also played some games at the right halfback position. Tessmer also played three years as a guard for the Michigan Wolverines men's basketball team from 1931 to 1934. He later became a teacher and basketball coach at Bay City Central High School. He also threw two no-hit games as a baseball pitcher in intramural sports while attending Michigan. He was basketball coach at Bay City through 1953 and remained athletic director at the school thereafter. Tessmer died in 1972 at age 61. He was a resident of Bay City, Michigan at the time of his death.

[Wikipedia: Zalim Saudagar] Zalim Saudagar is a Bollywood drama film. It was released in 1941. The film is also known as "Merchant Of Venice". It was directed by J.J. Madan and starred Khalil, Kajjan, Rani Premlata, and Haider Bandi in the pivotal roles. Zalim Saudagar means "The Cruel Merchant"; this film was a film adaption of Shakespeare's "Merchant of Venice", and was produced by the Radha Film Company of Calcutta.

[Wikipedia: History of Phoenix, Arizona] The history of Phoenix, Arizona goes back millennia, beginning with nomadic paleo-Indians who existed in the Americas in general, and the Salt River Valley in particular, about 9,000 years ago until about 6,000 BC. Hunters, their primary prey were mammoths. As that prey moved eastward, they followed, vacating the area. Other nomadic tribes (archaic Indians) moved into the area, mostly from Mexico to the south and California to the west. Around approximately 1,000 BC, the nomadic began to be accompanied by two other types of cultures, commonly called the farmers and the villagers, prompted by the introduction of maize into their culture. Out of these archaic Indians, the Hohokam civilization arose. The Hohokam first settled the area around 1 AD, and in about 500 years, they had begun to establish the canal system which enabled agriculture to flourish in the area. They suddenly disappeared by 1450, for unknown reasons. By the time the first Europeans arrived at the beginning of the 16th century, the two main groups of native Indians who inhabited the area were the O'odham and Sobaipuri tribes.

[Wikipedia: Balance of payments] The balance of payments, also known as balance of international payments and abbreviated B.O.P., of a country is the record of all economic transactions between the residents of the country and the rest of the world in a particular period (over a quarter of a year or more commonly over a year). These transactions are made by individuals, firms and government bodies. Thus the balance of payments includes all external visible and non-visible transactions of a country. It is an important issue to be studied, especially in international financial management field, for a few reasons. First, the balance of payments provides detailed information concerning the demand and supply of a country's currency. For example, if Mauritius imports more than it exports, then this means that the supply of rupees is likely to exceed the demand in the foreign exchanging market, "ceteris paribus". One can thus infer that the Mauritius rupee would be under pressure to depreciate against other currencies. On the other hand, if Mauritius exports more than it imports, then the rupee would be likely to appreciate. Second, a country's balance-of-payment data may signal its potential as a business partner for the rest of the world. If a country is grappling with a major balance-of-payment difficulty, it may not be able to expand imports from the outside world. Instead, the country may be tempted to impose measures to restrict imports and discourage capital outflows in order to improve the balance-of-payment situation. On the other hand, a country experiencing a significant balance-of payment surplus would be more likely to expand imports, offering marketing opportunities for foreign enterprises, and less likely to impose foreign exchange restrictions. Third, balance-of-payments data can be used to evaluate the performance of the country in international economic competition. Suppose a country is experiencing trade deficits year after year. This trade data may then signal that the country's domestic industries lack international competitiveness. To interpret balance-of-payments data properly, it is necessary to understand how the balance of payments account is constructed.

[Wikipedia: Merv Griffin Entertainment] Merv Griffin Entertainment is an American production company founded by American media mogul Merv Griffin on May 13, 1996. It is a successor to Merv Griffin Enterprises. Its productions include revivals of recent franchises (such as "Dance Fever", revived in 2003 for the Freeform channel). Griffin's company is part of The Griffin Group. Merv Griffin Entertainment owns "The Merv Griffin Show" and "Dance Fever", but Sony Pictures Television handles television distribution rights. The television division was run by Yani-Brune Entertainment from 2005 to 2008; hand-picked by Griffin himself. In 2008, ShineReveille International made a deal with Merv Griffin Entertainment to distribute all of MGE programming overseas.

[Wikipedia: Wiggins v. Smith] Wiggins v. Smith, 539 U.S. 510 (2003) is a case in which the United States Supreme Court spelled out standards for "effectiveness" in the constitutional right to legal counsel guaranteed by the Sixth Amendment. Previously the court had determined that the Sixth Amendment included the right to "effective assistance" of legal counsel, but it did not specify what constitutes "effective", thus leaving the standards for effectiveness vague. In "Wiggins v. Smith", the court set forth the American Bar Association Guidelines for the Appointment and Performance of Defense Counsel in Death Penalty Cases Guideline 11.8.6.(1989), as a specific guideline by which to measure effectiveness and competence of legal counsel.

[Wikipedia: A Prairie Home Companion with Chris Thile] The live weekly radio variety show, A Prairie Home Companion with Chris Thile, whose title indicates the new program host, musician Chris Thile, derives from the historic "A Prairie Home Companion with Garrison Keillor" ("APHC") radio show, where the changeover in the onstage hosting and program began on October 15, 2016. Thile, an American virtuoso mandolinist and singer-songwriter, had a two decade history with "APHC" and is known for his work in the folk and progressive bluegrass groups Nickel Creek and Punch Brothers. After two unprecedented guest host spots in 2015, Keillor decided on his successor, featured Thile as host again in January–February 2016, and fully ceded his hosting role to Thile in the October 2016 performance at the Fitzgerald Theater in St. Paul, Minnesota, continuing as the show's Executive Producer. As of 1 November 2016, the new program presents expanded musical and comedic elements, retaining the template of the earlier program (e.g., its most recent acting and sound effect cast, and "sponsorships" from faux companies), but without such features as its earlier signature "Lives of the Cowboys" series and "News from Lake Wobegon" monologue. Early reviews of the new program have been uniformly positive, focusing on the remaining familiar elements and on the new music and expanded musical focus brought by the new host.

[Wikipedia: The Diary of Anaïs Nin] The Diary of Anaïs Nin is the published version of Anaïs Nin's own private manuscript diary, which she began at age 11 in 1914 during a trip from Europe to New York with her mother and two brothers. Anaïs Nin would later say she had begun the diary as a letter to her father, Cuban composer Joaquín Nin, who had abandoned the family a few years earlier.

[Wikipedia: Silver Meteor] The Silver Meteor is a passenger train operated by Amtrak between New York City and Miami, Florida. The first diesel-powered streamliner between New York and Florida, since being introduced by the Seaboard Air Line Railroad (SAL) in 1939, it remains in operation now. The train is part of Amtrak's "Silver Service" along with the "Silver Star", another former SAL streamliner.

[Wikipedia: Palladium Fantasy Role-Playing Game] The Palladium Fantasy Role-Playing Game (often shortened to Palladium Fantasy or PFRPG) is a game produced by Palladium Books. It is set in the Palladium world (use of the unofficial name "Palladia" is discouraged by the publisher) some 10,000 years after a great war between the elves and dwarves. First published in July 1983 as "The Palladium Role-Playing Game", the "Palladium Fantasy Role-Playing Game" saw a second edition in April 1996. The two are largely compatible, though the second edition uses a later iteration of Palladium's ruleset to be more compatible with the rest of their Megaverse.

[Wikipedia: When It's Over (Sugar Ray song)] "When It's Over" is a song by American rock band Sugar Ray and it was released in May 2001 as the lead single from their self-titled fourth album "Sugar Ray". The song reached number 6 in New Zealand, number 13 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and number 32 on the UK Singles Chart.

[Wikipedia: Gil Reyes (tennis)] Gil Reyes (born 1952) is an American fitness trainer who spent seventeen years as the strength and conditioning trainer for retired tennis player Andre Agassi, from 1989 until Agassi's retirement in 2006. He was also considered one of Agassi's closest friends and confidants.

[Wikipedia: War from the Ground Up] War from the Ground Up: Twenty-First Century Combat as Politics is a 2012 book on war and military strategy written by Emile Simpson, a former British Army officer. The book analyzes the War in Afghanistan (2001–present) in terms of Carl von Clausewitz's theory of war, arguing that modern counter-insurgencies have more in common with domestic political struggles than the traditional state-on-state conflicts described by Clausewitz. The book was favorably reviewed by Michael Howard, a prominent military historian, among others.

[Wikipedia: Step in Time] "Step In Time" is a song and dance number from Walt Disney's 1964 film "Mary Poppins", and it is composed by Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman. The choreography for this song was provided by Marc Breaux and Dee Dee Wood. It is sung by Bert, the chimney sweep (Dick Van Dyke) and the other chimney sweeps on the rooftops of London. In the first part of the song, the lines he says in the verses are "Kick your knees up", "'Round the chimney", "Flap like a birdie", "Up on the railing", "Over the rooftops" and "Link your elbows" followed by an interlude. The interlude continues with Bert, Mary Poppins, Michael, Jane and all the chimney sweepers dancing around the rooftops and as Admiral Boom looks at them with the telescope, he thinks that they're Hottentots, so he orders Mr. Binnacle to make them scram with colorful fireworks. In the second part, as all the chimney sweepers get in the house of George Banks, Mrs. Brill walks into the living room looking at them and screams, "They're at it again!" and she runs away trying to strike one of the chimney sweepers with a frying pan. As Jane, Michael, Mary Poppins and Bert get in the same place, Ellen runs around the dining room with an "OW!" and the chimney sweepers flip her. The other phrases in the rest of the musical number are "Votes for women," "It's the master," and "What's all this?"

[Wikipedia: Bill Haydon] Bill Haydon is a fictional character created by John le Carré in le Carré's "Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy".

[Wikipedia: The Bang Bang Club (film)] The Bang-Bang Club is a 2010 Canadian-South African biographical drama film written and directed by Steven Silver and stars Ryan Phillippe as Greg Marinovich, Malin Åkerman as Robin Comley, Taylor Kitsch as Kevin Carter, as Ken Oosterbroek and Neels Van Jaarsveld as João Silva. They portray the lives of four photojournalists active within the townships of South Africa during the Apartheid period, particularly between 1990 and 1994, from when Nelson Mandela was released from prison to the 1994 elections.

[Wikipedia: Primus (band)] Primus is an American rock band based in San Francisco, California, currently composed of bassist/vocalist Les Claypool, guitarist Larry "Ler" LaLonde and drummer Tim "Herb" Alexander. Primus originally formed in 1984 with Claypool and guitarist Todd Huth, later joined by drummer Jay Lane, though the latter two departed the band at the end of 1988. Featuring LaLonde and Alexander, Primus recorded their debut "Suck on This" in 1989, followed by four studio albums: "Frizzle Fry", "Sailing the Seas of Cheese", "Pork Soda", and "Tales from the Punchbowl". Alexander left the band in 1996, replaced by Bryan "Brain" Mantia, and Primus went on to record the original theme song for the TV show "South Park" and two more albums, "Brown Album" and "Antipop", before declaring a hiatus in 2000.

[Wikipedia: Cloud cuckoo land] Cloud cuckoo land refers to a state of absurdly, over-optimistic fantasy or an unrealistically idealistic state where everything is perfect. Someone who is said to "live in cloud cuckoo land" is a person who thinks that things that are completely impossible might happen, rather than understanding how things really are. It also hints that the person referred to is naive, unaware of realities or deranged in holding such an optimistic belief.

[Wikipedia: Oregon, Washington and Idaho Railroad] The Oregon, Washington and Idaho Railroad built a 72.03 mi rail line along the right (north) bank of the Snake River between Riparia, Washington and Lewiston, Idaho. The company was incorporated in Oregon on August 8, 1903, and began operating its completed line on July 7, 1908 as an operating subsidiary of the Union Pacific Railroad (UP), which also controlled the Oregon Railroad and Navigation Company (OR&N) through Riparia. A portion of the preliminary work had been done by the Snake River Valley Railroad, which built a completed line along the Snake River below Riparia. Beginning on December 3, 1909, the Camas Prairie Railroad, a joint subsidiary of the OR&N and Northern Pacific Railway (NP), began operating the Oregon, Washington and Idaho Railroad (OW&I) as part of a line between Riparia and Grangeville, Idaho, including segments owned by the NP and subdidiary Clearwater Short Line Railway. On December 23, 1910, the property of the OW&I was conveyed to new UP subsidiary Oregon–Washington Railroad and Navigation Company, successor to the OR&N, but the Camas Prairie Railroad continued to operate it as agent.

[Wikipedia: Two of a Kind (1983 film)] Two of a Kind is a 1983 American romantic fantasy comedy film directed by John Herzfeld starring John Travolta and Olivia Newton-John. The original musical score was composed by Patrick Williams. Travolta plays a cash-strapped inventor while Newton-John plays the bank teller whom he attempts to rob. These two unlikely individuals must come to show compassion for one another in order to delay God's judgment upon the Earth. This is Travolta and Newton-John's second film together after 1978's "Grease", which was a success. Despite being a critical and commercial failure, "Two of a Kind" yielded three popular singles for Newton-John and a Platinum certification for the soundtrack.

[Wikipedia: Nayeem Ahmad Khan] Nayeem Ahmad Khan, Chairman Jammu Kashmir National Front and provincial president of All Parties Hurriyat Conference (APHC) was born in Pathanpora (Khore), Pattan District Baramulla 27 km from Srinagar . He had his early schooling from his native village and then moved to for Civil Engineering. Nayeem Khan is a born revolutionary, he played a pivotal role in organizing youth since his college days. He was first arrested in 1982, Jailed, tortured due to his strong commitment for the resolution of issue. During his political career, he founded Islamic Student's League along with Ishfaq Majeed Wani, Mohammad Yasin Malik, Javaid Ahmad Mir, Mahmood Ahmad Sagar, Syed Abdullah Sheerazi, Mohmammad Altaf Motto, Firdous Ahmad Shah et al. and spearheaded the strong youth movement in the 1980s and played a key role in the formation of Muslim United Front (MUF) he also led Jammu Kashmir People's League as its chairman in 90's. He was closely associated with Late S Hameed and Sheikh Abdul Aziz. After his release from Jail in 1993 Nayeem Khan played a key role in organizing and strengthening political platform of APHC. Due to his unflinching commitment to joining Pakistan, his whole family suffered at the hands of Indian Authorities. In 1947, when Indian forces landed to rescue Jammu and Kashmir from invading Pakistani tribals, Nayeem Khan's family had to face the wrath - all their houses, belonging were torched. His father late Ghulam Mohammad Khan was a close associate of Late Mohammad Maqbool Bhat and founder member of Muslim Revolutionary Front (MRF), GM Khan was tortured and jailed in early 70's. Nayeem Khan's younger brother Gull Mohammad Khan was martyred in 1997 and his maternal uncle Tariq Ahmad Lone was subjected to enforced disappearance in the early 1990s. Subsequently, his uncle and aunt were killed in cold blood. His mother Muneera Begum was also arrested in 1991.

[Wikipedia: Radio Cape Cod] Radio Cape Cod is a 2008 film directed and produced by Andrew Silver. It stars Tamzin Outhwaite as a radio interviewer coming to terms with the loss of her husband and a new love entering her life. She also must cope with her teenage daughter, played by Tamzin Merchant, who is experiencing her first love. The film also stars O. T. Fagbenle. The film won several festival awards.

[Wikipedia: Chy Lung v. Freeman] Chy Lung v. Freeman, 92 U.S. 275 (1876) was a United States Supreme Court case where the Supreme Court ruled that the power to set rules surrounding immigration, and to manage foreign relations, rested with the United States Federal Government, rather than with the states. The case has been cited in other Supreme Court cases related to government authority on matters relating to immigration policy and immigration enforcement, most recently in "Arizona v. United States" (2012).

[Wikipedia: Turandot (Brecht)] Turandot or the Whitewashers' Congress is an epic comedy by the German modernist playwright Bertolt Brecht. It was written during the summer of 1953 in Buckow and substantially revised in light of a brief period of rehearsals in 1954, though it was still incomplete at the time of Brecht's death in 1956 and did not receive its first production until several years later. It premièred on 5 February 1969 at the Zürich Schauspielhaus, in a production directed by Benno Besson and Horst Sagert, with music by Yehoshua Lakner.

[Wikipedia: Montgomery County Sheriff's Office (Pennsylvania)] The Montgomery County Sheriff's Office provides police protection for Montgomery County, Pennsylvania in conjunction with local and Pennsylvania State Police. Pennsylvania law calls for the Sheriff to be elected every four years. Sheriff John P. Durante died suddenly on February 10, 2010 and Chief Deputy Sheriff Alfred J. Ricci became the Acting Sheriff. On May 6, 2011, Eileen Whalon Behr, who had been appointed Sheriff by the Governor and confirmed by the Pennsylvania Senate, was sworn in to serve the balance of John P. Durante's term. Behr had previously served as Chief of Police in Whitemarsh Township. Behr was subsequently elected to a full four-year term on November 8, 2011.

[Wikipedia: Netball in Tanzania] Netball was one of the most popular sports in Tanzania. The sport was introduced to the country after the World War I, when the country was under British colonial rule. The sport was intended for leisure and first played in schools. For this reason, almost all primary schools in the country have a court. Recruitment for the national team and other high level teams started at that level. Netball Association of Tanzania (CHANETA) was created in 1966. Women have historically dominated in leadership positions in CHANETA but men are still involved, especially in roles like coaching. During the 1970s and 1980s, there was a push by the International Olympic Committee and the British Council to promote sport and women's sport in Tanzania. Despite netball being the most popular women's sport at the time, no investment was made into the sport.

[Wikipedia: Verona] Verona (] ; Venetian: "Verona" or "Veròna") is a city on the Adige river in Veneto, Italy, with approximately 265,000 inhabitants and one of the seven provincial capitals of the region. It is the second largest city municipality in the region and the third largest in northeast Italy. The metropolitan area of Verona covers an area of 1,426 km² and has a population of 714,274 inhabitants. It is one of the main tourist destinations in northern Italy, owing to its artistic heritage, several annual fairs, shows, and operas, such as the lyrical season in the Arena, the ancient amphitheater built by the Romans.

[Wikipedia: Aoife Mulholland] Aoife Mulholland ( ; ] ; born 29 May 1978) is an Irish actress and musical theatre performer from Salthill, Galway. Aoife is a successful leading lady in London's West End. She has starred as Roxie Hart (twice) in "Chicago", at the Cambridge Theatre and for 18 months as Maria von Trapp in "The Sound of Music" at the London Palladium; and as Brooke Wyndham in "Legally Blonde" at the Savoy Theatre. She has also appeared in concerts, films and several popular TV series.

[Wikipedia: Forest Hill, Victoria] Forest Hill is a suburb of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia, 18 km east of Melbourne's Central Business District. Its local government area is the City of Whitehorse. At the 2011 Census, Forest Hill had a population of 10,052. Forest Hill was recently ranked 93rd on Melbourne's most liveable suburb list, which was higher than other nearby popular suburbs such as Bentleigh, Mount Waverley and Glen Waverley.

[Wikipedia: Iris Fontbona] Iris Balbina Fontbona González (born 1942/1943) is a Chilean billionaire businesswoman, the widow of Andrónico Luksic Abaroa, from inheriting Antofagasta PLC. She is the wealthiest person in Chile, one of the fifth wealthiest in Latin America, and the 101st wealthiest person in the world.

[Wikipedia: Kings Canyon National Park] Kings Canyon National Park is a national park in the southern Sierra Nevada, in Fresno and Tulare Counties, California in the United States. Originally established in 1890 as General Grant National Park, it was greatly expanded and renamed to Kings Canyon National Park on March 4, 1940. Its namesake, Kings Canyon, is a rugged glacier-carved valley more than a mile (1,600 m) deep; the park also includes multiple 14000 ft peaks, high mountain meadows, swift-flowing rivers, and some of the world's largest stands of giant sequoia trees. Kings Canyon is north of and contiguous with Sequoia National Park; the two are jointly administered by the National Park Service as the Sequoia and Kings Canyon National Parks.

[Wikipedia: Mario Cárdenas Guillén] Mario Alberto Cárdenas Guillén is a former leader of the Mexican criminal group called the Gulf Cartel. He is the brother of Osiel Cárdenas Guillén and Antonio Cárdenas Guillén.

[Wikipedia: Strangers from the Universe] Strangers from the Universe is the fifth album by Thinking Fellers Union Local 282, released on September 12, 1994 through Matador Records.

[Wikipedia: Unilever Indonesia] PT Unilever Indonesia Tbk () was established in Indonesia on December 5, 1933 as Lever Zeepfabrieken N.V., a subsidiary of Lever Brothers which initially operated a soap factory at Angke, Jakarta. The name was changed to Unilever Indonesia on July 22, 1980.

[Wikipedia: 2008 Amsterdam Tournament] The Amsterdam Tournament 2008, known as the "LG Amsterdam Tournament 2008" for sponsorship reasons, was the tenth Amsterdam Tournament, a pre-season football tournament for club teams from around the world. The 2008 tournament was contested by Ajax, Arsenal, Internazionale and Sevilla on 8 August and 9 August 2008 at the Amsterdam ArenA. For the third time in four years, Arsenal won the tournament with 8 points.

[Wikipedia: The Taylor Swift Holiday Collection] The Taylor Swift Holiday Collection, originally titled Sounds of the Season: The Taylor Swift Holiday Collection, is a Christmas EP by American singer Taylor Swift. The EP was first released on October 14, 2007 by Big Machine Records exclusively to Target stores in the United States and online. The release was originally a limited release for the 2007 holiday season, but was re-released to iTunes and Amazon.com on December 2, 2008 and again in October 2009 to Target stores. "The Taylor Swift Holiday Collection" features cover versions of Christmas songs and two original tracks written by Swift, "Christmases When You Were Mine" and "Christmas Must Be Something More", all of which have a country pop sound.

[Wikipedia: Wentzville, Missouri] Wentzville is a city located in western St. Charles County, Missouri, United States. As of the 2010 census, the city had a total population of 29,070. 2016 population estimates have placed the city's population at 37,395, making it the 17th largest city in Missouri. Wentzville was the fastest growing city in Missouri between 2000 and 2010, and population estimates since 2010 indicate that Wentzville is likely to continue as the state's fastest growing city for a second consecutive decade. As the site of the county fairgrounds, Wentzville hosts the annual St. Gerard County Parade (also known as the "Black Parade"), St. Lazlo Wentz Festival and the Greater St. Louis Renaissance Faire.

[Wikipedia: Tift Merritt] Catherine Tift Merritt (born January 8, 1975) is an American singer-songwriter and musician. She has released seven studio albums, two for Lost Highway Records, two for Fantasy Records, and three for Yep Roc Records.

[Wikipedia: Audacious (CupcakKe album)] In September, The Fader published an interview with CupcakKe, which she discussed her new album that would address "rape, and everything else".

[Wikipedia: Hina (given name)] Hina (Urdu: حنا‎ ) is a female name. In South Asia and the Middle East, derived from Henna. In Japan derived from light or sun. In the Pacific Islands, derived from A goddess of various Polynesian cultures.

[Wikipedia: Percy Lindsay] Percival (Percy) Charles Lindsay (17 September 1870 – 21 September 1952) was an Australian landscape painter, illustrator and cartoonist, born in Creswick, Victoria. Percy was the first child born to Jane Lindsay (née Williams) and Dr Robert Charles Lindsay. His siblings included the well-known artists: Sir Lionel Lindsay, Norman Lindsay, Ruby Lindsay and Sir Daryl Lindsay.

[Wikipedia: Scratchcard] A scratchcard (also called a scratch off, scratch ticket, scratcher, scratchie, scratch-it, scratch game, scratch-and-win, instant game or instant lottery in different places) is a small card, often made of thin paper-based card for competitions and plastic to conceal PINs, where one or more areas contain concealed information which can be revealed by scratching off an opaque covering.

[Wikipedia: Outside (magazine)] Outside is an American magazine focused on the outdoors. The first issue was published in September 1977. Its mission statement is "to inspire active participation in the world outside through award-winning coverage of the sports, people, places, adventure, discoveries, health and fitness, gear and apparel, trends and events that make up an active lifestyle."

[Wikipedia: Danger Mouse (1981 TV series)] Danger Mouse is a British animated television series produced by Cosgrove Hall Films for Thames Television. It featured the eponymous Danger Mouse who worked as a secret agent. The show was a parody of British spy fiction, particularly the "Danger Man" series and James Bond. The show originally ran in the United Kingdom from 28 September 1981 to 19 March 1992.

[Wikipedia: Giorgio Giunchi] Giorgio Giunchi (, Albanian: "Gjergj Junki" ; 1717–1787) was a Catholic prelate. Giunchi was born in Livari, in Antivari (modern Bar, in Montenegro) ecclesiastically part of the Diocese of Antivari, on 20 February 1717. After studying in Rome for two years he returned in his home region as parish priest of Zuppa near Antivari. In 1757 he was ordained as Bishop of Pult. From 1765 to 1786, when he became Archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Bar, he served as Bishop of Lezhë. Giunchi died on 26 January 1786 in Livari, where he was also buried. Giorgio Radovani, his successor, was the clergyman who preached in his funeral service.

[Wikipedia: Ralph A. Vaughn] Ralph A. Vaughn (1907-2000) was an African-American academic, architect and film set designer. Born in Washington, D.C., he was an Assistant Professor at Howard University before moving to Los Angeles, California, where he designed many buildings, houses and a synagogue. He was also a film set designer. He was one of the first African-American architects in Los Angeles.

[Wikipedia: Controlled low strength material] Controlled low strength material, abbreviated CLSM, also known as flowable fill, is a type of weak, runny concrete mix used in construction for non-structural purposes such as backfill or road bases.

[Wikipedia: Arthur Schnitzler] Arthur Schnitzler (15 May 1862 – 21 October 1931) was an Austrian author and dramatist.

[Wikipedia: Clay Buchholz] Clay Daniel Buchholz (born August 14, 1984) is an American professional baseball pitcher for the Philadelphia Phillies of Major League Baseball (MLB). Buchholz made his MLB debut with the Boston Red Sox in 2007. In his second major league start, he pitched a no-hitter, becoming the third MLB pitcher since 1900 to throw a no-hitter in his first or second start and the first Red Sox rookie to throw one. He stands 6'3" and weighs 190 lbs.

[Wikipedia: Birth certificate] A birth certificate is a vital record that documents the birth of a child. The term "birth certificate" can refer to either the original document certifying the circumstances of the birth or to a certified copy of or representation of the ensuing registration of that birth. Depending on the jurisdiction, a record of birth might or might not contain verification of the event by such as a midwife or doctor.

[Wikipedia: Cyperus eragrostis] Cyperus eragrostis is a species of sedge known by several common names, including tall flatsedge, nutgrass, tall nutgrass, umbrella sedge, chufa, Earth almond, zula nuts, edible galingale and pale galingale.

[Wikipedia: 201 (South Park)] "201" is the sixth episode of the fourteenth season of "South Park", and the 201st overall episode of the series. It originally aired on Comedy Central in the United States on April 21, 2010. The episode continued multiple storylines from the previous episode, "200", in which a group of angry celebrities demand South Park produce the Muslim prophet Muhammad. In "201", a superhero-like group of religious figures team up to save South Park from the celebrities and their monster Mecha-Streisand, while Eric Cartman learns the true identity of his father.

[Wikipedia: Graham Hill] Norman Graham Hill {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (15 February 1929 – 29 November 1975) was a British racing driver and team owner from England, who was twice Formula One World Champion. He is the only driver ever to win the Triple Crown of Motorsport—the 24 Hours of Le Mans, Indianapolis 500 and either the Monaco Grand Prix or the Formula One World Drivers' Championship. He also appeared on TV in the 1970s on a variety of non-sporting programmes including panel games. He liked painting in his spare time.

[Wikipedia: Neijiang] Neijiang (; Sichuanese Pinyin: Nuijiang; Sichuanese pronunciation: ; ) is a prefecture-level city in the southeast of Sichuan province, People's Republic of China. It is located on the Tuo River and is a transportation and food-processing center.

[Wikipedia: Triple-A (baseball)] Triple-A (or Class AAA) is the highest level of play in Minor League Baseball in the United States and Mexico. Before 2008, Triple-A leagues also fielded teams in Canada. A total of 30 teams play in the Triple-A International League (IL) and Pacific Coast League (PCL), with 14 teams in the IL and 16 in the PCL. The MLB-independent Mexican League fields 16 teams. Triple-A teams are typically located in large metropolitan areas that do not have Major League Baseball teams, such as Austin, Texas; Indianapolis, Indiana; Columbus, Ohio; and Charlotte, North Carolina.

[Wikipedia: Gabriel Entertainment] Gabriel Entertainment (part of Gabriel Group) is a video game developer based in Indianapolis, Indiana, USA, and was founded in 1999 as "Gabriel Interactive" by Michael Root (president). Greg Phillips is vice president. In addition to developing commercial business simulation games, the company has also developed educational games for the Children's Museum of Indianapolis.

[Wikipedia: Hollywood Star Lanes] Hollywood Star Lanes was a 32-lane bowling alley located on Santa Monica Boulevard in Los Angeles, California. Open from 1960 to 2002, the alley was featured in the movies "The Big Lebowski" and "The Big Empty", which was filmed on location over three weeks of the eleven-week filming schedule. In 2002, the alley was closed after the Los Angeles Unified School District seized the land by eminent domain, with the goal of building an elementary school at the site.

[Wikipedia: First Lady of Botswana] The First Lady of the Republic of Botswana is the title used by the wife of the President of Botswana. Botswana's inaugural First Lady was Lady Ruth Williams Khama, the English-born wife of the country's inaugural President, Seretse Khama.

[Wikipedia: Four Mile Tree] Four Mile Tree is the name of a plantation near Jamestown, Virginia that once encompassed two thousand acres (8 km²), it was situated on the south bank of the James River opposite Jamestown, four miles (6 km) further north. On a hill near the water's edge a handsome old house overlooks the river. This plantation, was the seat of the Browne family for two hundred years. The first owner, Colonel Henry Browne, was a member of Sir William Berkeley's Council in 1643. The plantation house constructed circa 1745 remains well-preserved in its original historical state.

[Wikipedia: Yasuzo Masumura] Yasuzo Masumura (増村 保造 , Masumura Yasuzō , August 25, 1924 – November 23, 1986) was a Japanese film director.

[Wikipedia: Carl Mears] Carl Mears is a Senior Scientist, at Remote Sensing Systems, since 1998. He has worked on validation of SSM/I derived winds, and rain-flagging algorithm for the QuikScat scatterometer. He is best known for his work with Frank Wentz in developing a satellite temperature record from MSU and AMSU. Intercomparison of this record with the earlier UAH satellite temperature record, developed by John Christy and Roy Spencer, revealed deficiencies in the earlier work; specifically, the warming trend in the RSS version is larger than the UAH one.

[Wikipedia: G-Fest] G-Fest, often typeset as G-FEST, is an annual convention devoted to the Godzilla film franchise and other "kaijū" (literally "strange beast", also the name of the genre of Japanese giant monster movies) franchises such as Gamera and the Ultra Series G-Fest is staged by Daikaiju Enterprises, Ltd., and "G-Fan" magazine. It regularly features panels, contests, and theatrically screened films of interest to fans of Japanese monsters.

[Wikipedia: La clemenza di Tito] La clemenza di Tito (English: "The Clemency of Titus"), K. 621, is an "opera seria" in two acts composed by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart to an Italian libretto by Caterino Mazzolà, after Metastasio. It was started after the bulk of "Die Zauberflöte " ("The Magic Flute"), the last opera that Mozart worked on, was already written. The work premiered on 6 September 1791 at the Estates Theatre in Prague.

[Wikipedia: James Taranik] James Vladimir Taranik (April 23, 1940 – June 21, 2011) was an American scientist and educator who worked in the area of earth-observation satellite remote sensing. He was Chief of NASA's Non-Renewable Resources Branch and Program Scientist of the Space Shuttle's first scientific flights with cargo that included experiments related to geology, atmospheric chemistry, meteorology, marine biology, and plant physiology in the earth and life sciences. He also held various positions in the Nevada System of Higher Education, including the Desert Research Institute and the Mackay School of Earth Sciences and Engineering.

[Wikipedia: Old Town, Oslo] The Old Town of Oslo (Norwegian: "Gamlebyen" , ] ) is a neighborhood in the inner city of Oslo, Norway, belonging to the borough of Gamle Oslo and is the oldest urban areas within the current capital. This part of the capital of Norway was simply called Oslo until 1925 while the city as a whole was called "Kristiania". Oslo's old town was established with the urban structure around year 1000 and was the capital of Norway's dominion in 1314. Old Town core area (i.e. the southern and the central part of Old Town) has several ruins of stone and brick lying above ground, and large amounts of protected culture underground. The core area also has a listed 1700s buildings. Towards Ekeberg slope and further up are some 17th and 18th-century wooden houses that are zoned for conservation under the Planning and Building Act, though there exist in the Old Town many four-storey brick houses, built at the end of the 1800s, and some heritage railway buildings from different eras.

[Wikipedia: Spirituality Shopper] Spirituality Shopper was a short lived British television series that ran on Channel 4 for 3 episodes in 2005. It was presented by Christian athlete, Jonathan Edwards. In each episode, a person looked at four different religious practices that could be implemented in their (non-religious) lives to see if it would bring them inner peace in the hustle and bustle of the 21st century. In each episode, four of the practices were looked at:

[Wikipedia: East Is East (1999 film)] East Is East is a 1999 British comedy-drama film written by Ayub Khan-Din and directed by Damien O'Donnell. It is set in Salford, Lancashire, in 1971, in a mixed-ethnicity British household headed by Pakistani father George (Om Puri) and an English mother, Ella (Linda Bassett).

[Wikipedia: Eddie Hall] Edward Hall (born 15 January 1988) is an English professional strongman, notable for being the current World's Strongest Man and the only man to deadlift 500 kg under strongman rules. He has also won on multiple occasions both the UK's Strongest Man and England's Strongest Man titles. He is the 2017 World's Strongest Man and the current world record holder in the deadlift with straps.

[Wikipedia: Norm Sloan] Norman Lesley Sloan, Jr. (June 25, 1926 – December 9, 2003), nicknamed "Stormin' Norman," was an American college basketball player and coach. Sloan was a native of Indiana and played college basketball and football at North Carolina State University. He began a long career as a basketball coach months after graduating from college in 1951, and he was the men's basketball head coach at Presbyterian College, The Citadel, North Carolina State University, and two stints as at the University of Florida. Over a career that spanned thirty-eight seasons, Sloan was named conference coach of the year five times and won the 1974 national championship at North Carolina State, his alma mater.

[Wikipedia: Hershey's Kissables] Hershey Kissables were a chocolate candy sold by The Hershey Company from late 2005 to 2009. Comparable to M&M's, Hershey Kissables were shaped like miniature Hershey's Kisses and were coated in a thick sugar shell.

[Wikipedia: Ken May] Kenneth A. May is a Memphis, Tennessee native, former CEO of FedEx Office, and chairman of the March of Dimes' board of trustees. In November 2011, he was appointed COO of Krispy Kreme, and in July 2014, May became President and CEO of Topgolf International, Inc.

[Wikipedia: List of Nobel laureates in Physiology or Medicine] The Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine (Swedish: "Nobelpriset i fysiologi eller medicin" ) is awarded annually by the Swedish Karolinska Institute to scientists and doctors in the various fields of physiology or medicine. It is one of the five Nobel Prizes established by the 1895 will of Alfred Nobel (who died in 1896), awarded for outstanding contributions in chemistry, physics, literature, peace, and physiology or medicine. As dictated by Nobel's will, the award is administered by the Nobel Foundation and awarded by a committee that consists of five members and an executive secretary elected by the Karolinska Institute. While commonly referred to as the Nobel Prize in Medicine, Nobel specifically stated that the prize be awarded for "physiology or medicine" in his will. Because of this, the prize can be awarded in a broader range of fields. The first Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine was awarded in 1901 to Emil Adolf von Behring, of Germany. Each recipient receives a medal, a diploma and a monetary award that has varied throughout the years. In 1901, von Behring received 150,782 SEK, which is equal to 7,731,004 SEK in December 2008. In 2013, the prize was awarded to James E. Rothman, Randy W. Schekman and Thomas C. Südhof; they were recognised "after discovering how cells precisely transport material". The award is presented in Stockholm at an annual ceremony on December 10, the anniversary of Nobel's death.

[Wikipedia: The Blitzkrieg Button] "The Blitzkrieg Button" is the fourth episode of the first season of the American television series "Agent Carter", inspired by the films "" and "", and the Marvel One-Shot short film also titled "Agent Carter". It features the Marvel Comics character Peggy Carter as she must hide the fugitive Howard Stark while she retrieves the titular device for him, and is set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU), sharing continuity with the films of the franchise. The episode was written by Brant Englestein and directed by Stephen Cragg.

[Wikipedia: Na'vi River Journey] Na'vi River Journey is a dark ride attraction at Disney's Animal Kingdom's Pandora – The World of "Avatar". The ride takes guests through the Kasvapan River of Pandora from the 2009 film "Avatar", showcasing native animals and bioluminescent flora, with inclusion of Audio-animatronics.

[Wikipedia: 1984–85 Yorkshire Cup] The 1984–85 Yorkshire Cup was the seventy-seventh occasion on which the Yorkshire Cup competition had been held. This season there were no junior/amateur clubs taking part, no new entants and no "leavers" and so the total of entries remained the same at thirteen. This in turn resulted in three byes in the first round. In this year's final, Hull F.C. beat close neighbours and fierce rivals Hull Kingston Rovers by the score of 29-12. The match was played at Boothferry Park, Kingston upon Hull. The city was formally in the East Riding of Yorkshire, followed by Humberside and is now (back) in the ceremonial county of the East Riding of Yorkshire (albeit that the word "Riding" means "a third part" and there is now only one !). It was moved to this stadium from the provisionally reserved venue due to the interest showed by fans and after requests by both finalists, and the organisers were rewarded with a crowd of 25,237 and gate receipts more than doubled from last year's £33,572 to £68,639. This is only the third meeting of these two clubs in the Yorkshire Cup final, on the two previous occasions Hull Kingston Rovers defeated Hull F.C., in 1920-21 by 2-0 and 1967 by 8-7; this time it was revenge and by a wider margin. This is the third successive Yorkshire Cup final victory for Hull F.C. And the first of two successive Final appearances by Hull Kingston Rovers

[Wikipedia: Rockefeller Cottage] The Rockefeller Cottage is a house on Jekyll Island, Georgia. It is also called "Indian Mound" and is next to the Jekyll Island Club. The house was built by Gordon McKay in 1892. McKay died in 1903 and the house was bought by William Rockefeller in 1905, who used it as a winter home. It was evacuated in 1942, along with the rest of the island. The house remained in the Rockefeller family until 1947, when the Jekyll Island Authority bought the property. It was open as a museum from 1950 until 1968, when it was closed for badly needed repairs. It is now a public museum. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1971.

[Wikipedia: Pawnography] Pawnography is an American game show broadcast by History. Hosted by comedian Christopher Titus and featuring "Pawn Stars" personalities Rick Harrison, Corey Harrison and Austin "Chumlee" Russell as panelists, the series features contestants answering questions for a chance to win cash and items for sale from the Gold and Silver Pawn Shop (where "Pawn Stars" is taped). The show premiered July 10, 2014, at 10 p.m. ET, following "Pawn Stars".

[Wikipedia: House of Hohenzollern] The House of Hohenzollern ] is a dynasty of former princes, electors, kings and emperors of Hohenzollern, Brandenburg, Prussia, the German Empire, and Romania. The family arose in the area around the town of Hechingen in Swabia during the 11th century and took their name from Hohenzollern Castle. The first ancestor of the Hohenzollerns was mentioned in 1061.

[Wikipedia: Sasha &amp; John Digweed present Delta Heavy] Sasha & John Digweed present Delta Heavy is a DVD release from System Recordings which chronicles Sasha & John Digweed's "Delta Heavy" tour of the United States. It was released in 2005, three years after the original tour. "Delta Heavy" is known for being one of the first DJ tours to incorporate a rock concert atmosphere into traditional DJ venues. The DVD package includes guest commentary from Jimmy Van M and Nick Warren.

[Wikipedia: Boeing XB-15] The Boeing XB-15 (Boeing 294) was a United States bomber aircraft designed in 1934 as a test for the United States Army Air Corps (USAAC) to see if it would be possible to build a heavy bomber with a 5000 mi range. For a year beginning in mid-1935 it was designated the XBLR-1. When it first flew in 1937, it was the most massive and voluminous aircraft ever built in the US. It set a number of load-to-altitude records for land-based aircraft, including carrying a 31205 lb payload to 8200 ft on 30 July 1939.

[Wikipedia: Ah Cacao Real Chocolate] Ah Cacao Real Chocolate, SA de CV is a niche Mexican chocolate brand based in Playa del Carmen, Quintana Roo near Cancun. The company was founded in 2003 by entrepreneurs from Mexico. Even though cacao was first domesticated in Mexico, today Ah Cacao Real Chocolate is one of only a few companies making premium chocolate products from Mexican cacao. Ah Cacao products are sold mainly in Mexico.

[Wikipedia: Hot Wheels Battle Force 5 (video game)] Hot Wheels Battle Force 5 is a 2009 video game developed by Sidhe Interactive and published by Activision for the Wii and Nintendo DS, and a children's vehicular combat game based on the "Hot Wheels Battle Force 5" 3D animated television series created by Mattel.

[Wikipedia: Veeram (2016 film)] Veeram (English: "Valour" ) is a 2016 Indian epic historical drama film written and directed by Jayaraj. It is an adaptation of William Shakespeare's play, "Macbeth", and is the fifth installment in Jayaraj's Navarasa series. The film, which also takes inspirations from the Vadakkan Pattukal (Northern Ballads) of North Malabar region in Kerala tells the story of Chandu Chekavar (Kunal Kapoor), an infamous warrior in the 13th century North Malabar.

[Wikipedia: 32nd AVN Awards] 32nd AVN Awards was an event during which Adult Video News (AVN) presented its annual AVN Awards to honor the best pornographic movies and adult entertainment products of 2014 in the United States.

[Wikipedia: 2017 Miami Hurricanes baseball team] The 2017 Miami Hurricanes baseball team represented the University of Miami during the 2017 NCAA Division I baseball season. The Hurricanes played their home games at Alex Rodriguez Park at Mark Light Field as a member of the Atlantic Coast Conference. They were led by head coach Jim Morris, in his 24th season at Miami.

[Wikipedia: 2006 Meteor Awards] The 2006 Meteor Music Awards took place in the Point Theatre, Dublin on 2 February 2006. It was the sixth edition of Ireland's national music awards. The event was later aired on RTÉ Two on at 21:00 on Sunday 5 February. The awards show was hosted by the comedian Patrick Kielty. A total of seventeen awards were presented at the ceremony. U2 were the largest winners at the 2006 awards, receiving three gongs, Best Irish Band, Best Irish Album for "How to Dismantle an Atomic Bomb" and Best Live Performance for their 2005 Croke Park shows. The band's bassist Adam Clayton attended the show and picked up the awards. The four international awards were divided between Kanye West (Best International Male), Gwen Stefani (Best International Female) and Kaiser Chiefs (Best International Band and Best International Album for "Employment"). The Pogues were presented with the Lifetime Achievement Award, whilst Today FM presenter Ray D'Arcy was named Best Irish DJ for a second consecutive year. After the awards Louis Walsh was caught red-handed in an embarrassing situation with Kerry Katona when he gripped her from behind and did something naughty and rude.

[Wikipedia: Tommy Carcetti] Thomas J. "Tommy" Carcetti ( ) is a fictional character on the HBO drama "The Wire", played by Aidan Gillen. Carcetti is an ambitious Baltimore politician who begins the series with a seat on the city council.

[Wikipedia: The Hunting Party Tour] The Hunting Party Tour was the eleventh concert tour by American alternative metal band Linkin Park. It was launched in support of Linkin Park's sixth studio album, "The Hunting Party" (2014). The tour was partially announced in May 2014 through a teaser released after the release of trailer of a co-headlined tour "Carnivores Tour" by Linkin Park and Thirty Seconds to Mars. Later, the tour was officially announced on November 23 with a whole trailer in promotion. Its first leg under the name "European Tour" began on May 30, 2014, in Lisboa, Portugal, and ended on June 14 in Castle Donington, England, where they played "Hybrid Theory" as a whole album. The tour features special guests Of Mice & Men and Rise Against. On January 15, 2015, the band begun the "world" tour for The Hunting Party with the first leg under "North American Tour". During a show at Indianapolis, Chester Bennington injured his leg, which led to the cancellation of the tour "North American Tour". The band continued the world tour on May 9, performing at the first edition of Rock In Rio in America. It is the last full tour to feature Chester Bennington as vocalist before his death in 2017.

[Wikipedia: Moonpark] Moonpark is an Argentine music festival, held three times annually since 2003. It is held in the Northeast of Buenos Aires city. It is considered one of the most important dance and electronic music festivals in the country.

[Wikipedia: Kundanlal Dholakia] Kundanlal Dholakia (10 August 1920-8 March 2011) was a politician from Gujarat. He was born in Calcutta to Jashwantray and Jiviben. He started his career as lawyer and was president of Kutch District Bar Association for year 1965-66. He married Harsuta. He was member of eartwhile Bombay Assembly from 1957 to 1960 and Gujarat Assembly from 1960-62 as a member of pre-Indira Congress party from Bhuj. In 1962 elections as candidate of Congress from Bhuj, he lost to independent candidate Gulabshankar Amritlal. After split of Congress in 1969 he became associated with Indian National Congress (Organisation) and was elected as a member of Gujarat Legislative Assembly for 1975-80 again from Bhuj. He was the speaker of Gujarat Assembly from June 1975 to March 1977 and then from April 1977 to June 1980. He worked actively during the earthquake and drought in Kutch during 1956. In 2009, he was awarded Gujarat Pratibha Award.

[Wikipedia: The Hits Live] The Hits Live is the title of a live compilation album released in 2000 by the American country music band Sawyer Brown. The album comprises fourteen live renditions of their 1980s and 1990s country hits recorded on tour from late 1999 to early 2000, with the majority coming from a show in Ogden, Utah. The single "800 Pound Jesus" is from their 1999 album "Drive Me Wild". The other three tracks—"Perfect World", "Garage Band" and a cover of Johnny Lee's "Lookin' for Love"—are new to this album. "Perfect World" and "Lookin' for Love" were both released as singles, respectively peaking at #50 and #44 on the country charts.

[Wikipedia: George Lazenby] George Robert Lazenby (born 5 September 1939) is an Australian actor and former model best known for his portrayal of James Bond in the Eon series in the 1969 film "On Her Majesty's Secret Service". He was 29 years old, making him the youngest actor to date to have portrayed the character. Lazenby is also the only Bond actor to receive a nomination for the Golden Globe Award for New Star of the Year – Actor.

[Wikipedia: Albanians in Montenegro] Albanians in Montenegro (, Albanian: "Shqiptarët e Malit të Zi" ) constitute 4.91% of the county's total population. Albanians of Montenegro are Ghegs who mainly live in southeastern and eastern Montenegro, mainly in the following municipalities: Ulcinj (71% of population), Plav (19%), Bar (6%), Podgorica (5%) and Rožaje (5%).

[Wikipedia: The Unwinding] The Unwinding: An Inner History of the New America is a 2013 non-fiction book by the American journalist George Packer. The book uses biographies of individual Americans as a means of discussing important forces in American history from 1978 to 2012, including the subprime mortgage crisis, the decline of American manufacturing, and the influence of money on politics. "The Unwinding" includes lengthy profiles of five subjects: a Youngstown, Ohio factory worker turned community organizer, a biodiesel entrepreneur from North Carolina, a Washington lobbyist and Congressional staffer, the Silicon Valley entrepreneur Peter Thiel, and people involved in the distressed housing market in Tampa, Florida. Interspersed with these longer accounts are ten briefer biographical sketches of famous Americans such as the rapper Jay-Z, the politician Newt Gingrich, and the restaurateur and food activist Alice Waters.

[Wikipedia: Whistl] Whistl, formerly TNT Post UK, is a postal delivery company operating in the United Kingdom. The company primarily competes with UK Mail, UPS, Parcelforce, DHL, Hermes, Royal Mail and Yodel. It processes about 25% of the UK's mail, amounting to over 4 billion items per year in 2015.

[Wikipedia: Syed Mir Hassan] Shams al-’Ulama’ (“Sun of Scholars”) Syed Mir Hassan (18 April 1844 – 25 September 1929) was a scholar of the Qur'an, Hadith, Sufism, and the Arabic language. He was a professor of Arabic at Scotch Mission College in Sialkot. He was awarded the title of Shams al-’Ulama’ (“Sun of Scholars”) by the British Crown. He was the famous teacher of Sir Muhammad Iqbal, Faiz Ahmad Faiz and an uncle of Syed Nazeer Niazi, the son of his brother Syed Abdul Ghani. Both brothers were great admirers of Sir Syed Ahmed Khan.

[Wikipedia: Axess (CRS)] Axess (アクセス国際ネットワーク) is a Computer reservations system based in Japan which provides its services in the Japanese market. It originated as the IT department of Japan Airlines called Jalinfotech. In 1991 it was established as an independent company it began to be marketed to travel agencies in Japan. In 1995 Axess partnered with Sabre Holdings in order to provide travel agencies in Japan with booking and ticketing capabilities for a wider range of international airlines.

[Wikipedia: Le Conquet radio] Le Conquet radio or Call sign FFU (station "Française Fixe de Ushant") was a French maritime radio station located on of City Le Conquet (La Pointe du Renard 4°43'58"W 48°20'24"N). The station was established in 1952, by the French Administration of France Télécom, as a result of the work by Call sign Ushant TSF, Call sign FFU.

[Wikipedia: Red vs. Blue: Recreation] Red vs. Blue: Recreation is the seventh season of the action comedy science fiction machinima web series Red vs. Blue created by Rooster Teeth Productions that premiered on June 9, 2009, and concluded on October 26, 2009. Set three days after the "" mini-series, the Red team are back plotting against the Blue team, which currently consists of only one person, Caboose. New episodes were released every Monday at 9:00 CST.

[Wikipedia: 2003–04 Dallas Mavericks season] The 2003–04 NBA season was the Mavericks' 24th season in the National Basketball Association. During the offseason, the Mavericks acquired Antawn Jamison from the Golden State Warriors, and All-Star forward Antoine Walker from the Boston Celtics. Although the team struggled with chemistry with a 15–12 start, the Mavericks went on a nine-game winning streak in January, and won eight of their final ten games. They finished third in the Midwest Division with a 52–30 record. Dirk Nowitzki was the only member of the team to be selected for the 2004 NBA All-Star Game. With the trio of Nowitzki, Michael Finley and Steve Nash along with NBA Sixth Man of the Year Jamison, the Mavericks continued their reputation as the best offensive team in the NBA. Notable were two rookies, Josh Howard and Marquis Daniels, who made an immediate impact, and were both selected to the All-Rookie Second Team.

[Wikipedia: A. E. Housman] Alfred Edward Housman ( ; 26 March 1859 – 30 April 1936), usually known as A. E. Housman, was an English classical scholar and poet, best known to the general public for his cycle of poems "A Shropshire Lad". Lyrical and almost epigrammatic in form, the poems wistfully evoke the dooms and disappointments of youth in the English countryside. Their beauty, simplicity and distinctive imagery appealed strongly to late Victorian and Edwardian taste, and to many early 20th-century English composers both before and after the First World War. Through their song-settings, the poems became closely associated with that era, and with Shropshire itself.

[Wikipedia: The Million Dollar Duck] The Million Dollar Duck (also titled as The $1,000,000 Duck) is a 1971 American comedy film produced by Walt Disney Productions about a goose that lays golden eggs scenario. It was directed by Vincent McEveety, and stars Dean Jones, Sandy Duncan and Joe Flynn.

[Wikipedia: Sarah Kate Ellis] Sarah Kate Ellis (born November 27, 1971) is an American media executive, most widely known for launching and turning around media brands within magazines such as "New York", "InStyle", "Real Simple", and "Vogue".

[Wikipedia: Last Tap Dance in Springfield] "Last Tap Dance in Springfield" is the twentieth episode of the eleventh season of the American animated sitcom "The Simpsons". It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on May 7, 2000. In the episode, Lisa decides to sign up for tap dancing lessons after being inspired by a film about a girl who enters a tango contest and wins. Meanwhile, Bart and Milhouse hide out at the mall to escape going to summer camp. "Last Tap Dance in Springfield" was written by Julie Thacker, who based it on her own experiences with dance classes. The episode has received mixed reception from critics.

[Wikipedia: Telavi Ministry] The Telavi Ministry was the 13th ministry of the Government of Tuvalu, led by Prime Minister Willy Telavi. It succeeded the Second Toafa Ministry upon its swearing in by Governor-General Iakoba Italeli on 24 December 2010 after a vote of no confidence in former Prime Minister Maatia Toafa. Following Telavi's removal as prime minister, his ministry was subsequently brought down by the opposition's vote of no confidence and was succeeded by the Sopoaga Ministry, led by Enele Sopoaga, on 5 August 2013.

[Wikipedia: Harold Daly] Harold Edward Daly (8 October 1915 – 27 April 1995) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Hawthorn, North Melbourne and St Kilda in the Victorian Football League (VFL). In a brief league career, which saw him play for three clubs, Daly never once played in a winning team. He originally arrived at Hawthorn from Eaglehawk. A brother, Alan Daly, later played with Melbourne.

[Wikipedia: Jan Dowling] Jan Dowling (born September 26, 1980) is a Canadian-born American college golf coach and former amateur golfer. Dowling is the head coach of the Michigan Wolverines women's golf team and previously served as the head coach of the Florida Gators women's golf team of the University of Florida.

[Wikipedia: Just Friends] Just Friends is a 2005 American romantic comedy film directed by Roger Kumble, written by Adam 'Tex' Davis and starring Ryan Reynolds, Amy Smart, Anna Faris, Chris Klein and Christopher Marquette. The plot focuses on a formerly overweight high school nerd (Reynolds) who attempts to free himself from the friend zone after reconnecting with his lifelong crush and best friend (Smart) while visiting his hometown for Christmas.

[Wikipedia: Stauntonia] Stauntonia is a genus of flowering plant in the Lardizabalaceae family. It is named after George Staunton, who brought it to Britain from China in the 19th Century.

[Wikipedia: Lum's Love Song] Lum no Love Song (ラムのラブソング / "Love Song of Lum") is the debut single of Japanese pop singer Yuko Matsutani. The single was released on October 21, 1981 and was created as the theme song for the anime series "Urusei Yatsura." The song was used as the theme song from its debut on October 14, 1981 until the 77th episode released on July 20, 1983.

[Wikipedia: Herculaneum] Located in the shadow of Mount Vesuvius, Herculaneum (Italian: "Ercolano") was an ancient Roman town destroyed by volcanic pyroclastic flows in 79 AD. Its ruins are located in the "comune" of Ercolano, Campania, Italy.

[Wikipedia: Alan Colmes] Alan Samuel Colmes (September 24, 1950 – February 23, 2017) was an American radio and television host, liberal political commentator for the Fox News Channel, and blogger. He was the host of "The Alan Colmes Show", a nationally syndicated talk-radio show distributed by Fox News Radio that was broadcast throughout the United States on Fox News Talk on Sirius and XM. From 1996 to 2009, Colmes served as the co-host of "Hannity & Colmes", a nightly political debate show on Fox News Channel. Beginning in 2015, Colmes supplied the voice of The Liberal Panel, an animatronic robot face built into a panelled wall who spouts conventionally liberal political opinions, on Fox News Channel's "The Greg Gutfeld Show".

[Wikipedia: Staple food] A staple food, or simply a staple, is a food that is eaten routinely and in such quantities that it constitutes a dominant portion of a standard diet for a given people, supplying a large fraction of energy needs and generally forming a significant proportion of the intake of other nutrients as well. The staple food of a specific society may be eaten as often as every day or every meal, and most people live on a diet based on just a small number of staples.

[Wikipedia: Tom Daley] Thomas Robert Daley (born 21 May 1994) is a British diver. Tom Daley specialises in the 10-metre platform event and is a double World champion in the event; he won the 2009 FINA World Championionship in the individual event at the age of 15, before regaining it in 2017. He was the 2012 Olympic bronze medalist in the event.

[Wikipedia: Sasha Jenson] Sasha Jenson (born November 12, 1964) is an American film and television actor known for his role in the 1993 hit film "Dazed and Confused". He is also known for his role in the 1988 horror movie "", and for having a role in the 1992 hit movie "Buffy the Vampire Slayer". His most recent film is in the 2003 release "Grind". Jenson starred in the television series "Teen Angel" as Jason, and made guest appearances on shows like "NYPD Blue" and "Monsters".

[Wikipedia: Germany Pavilion at Epcot] The Germany Pavilion is a German-themed pavilion that is part of the World Showcase, within Epcot at Walt Disney World in Orlando, Florida, United States. Its location is between the Chinese and Italian pavilions.

[Wikipedia: Slaughter-House Cases] The Slaughter-House Cases, 83 U.S. 36 (1873) , was the first United States Supreme Court interpretation of the U.S. Constitution's Fourteenth Amendment which had recently been enacted. It was a pivotal case in early civil rights law and held that the Fourteenth Amendment protects the privileges or immunities of citizenship of the United States, not privileges and immunities of citizenship of a state. However, federal rights of citizenship were then few, such as the right to travel between states and to use navigable rivers; the amendment did not protect the far broader range of rights covered by state citizenship. In effect, the amendment was interpreted to convey limited protection pertinent to a small minority of rights.

[Wikipedia: Pure Michigan] Pure Michigan began as an advertising campaign launched in 2008 by the state of Michigan, featuring the voice of actor and comedian Tim Allen. The Pure Michigan campaign, which aims to market the state of Michigan as a travel and tourism destination, received state and international attention beginning in 2008 when Michigan Governor Jennifer Granholm approved $45 million in additional funding for the Pure Michigan campaign from the 21st Century Jobs Trust Fund. The unprecedented tourism fund amount for the state allowed the Pure Michigan campaign to be broadcast on a national level beginning in March 2009. Annual funding for fiscal 2014 was $29 million.

[Wikipedia: Alternative rock] Alternative rock (also called alternative music, alt-rock or simply alternative) is a style of rock music that emerged from the independent music underground of the 1980s and became widely popular in the 1990s. In this instance, the word "alternative" refers to the genre's distinction from mainstream rock music. The term's original meaning was broader, referring to a generation of musicians unified by their collective debt to either the musical style or simply the independent, DIY ethos of punk rock, which in the late 1970s laid the groundwork for alternative music. At times, "alternative" has been used as a catch-all description for music from underground rock artists that receives mainstream recognition, or for any music, whether rock or not, that is seen to be descended from punk rock (including some examples of punk itself, as well as new wave, and post-punk).

[Wikipedia: Ewe people] The Ewe people (Ewe: "Eʋeawó" , lit. "Ewe people"; or " Eʋedukɔ́ ", lit. "Ewe nation","Eʋenyigba" Eweland;) are an African ethnic group. They are the largest ethnic group in Togo (32%), the third largest ethnic group in Ghana (14%), and are a minority ethnic group in southern Benin, Ivory Coast and Nigeria. They speak the Ewe language (Ewe: "Eʋegbe" ) which belongs to the Niger-Congo family of languages. They are related to other speakers of Gbe languages, such as, the Fon, Gen, Phla Phera, and the Aja people of Togo and Benin.

[Wikipedia: Staten Island Economic Development Corporation] Staten Island Economic Development Corporation (SIEDC) is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization that serves as a lead advocate for economic development of Staten Island's economy. The organization is responsible for over $900 million in new investments, the creation of over 12,500 jobs, the development of over 6,000 acres of vacant industrial land by providing assistance to developers and companies implementing projects in the borough, while at the same time serving the smallest entrepreneur and small business owner with tailored financing, procurement, and real estate assistance. Every year approximately 3,000 businesses and individuals are assisted by the SIEDC through financing assistance, tax incentives, job training and technology assistance. Since its establishment, SIEDC has organized and planned yearly community events to benefit the public at no cost, such as the SIEDC Annual Business Conference, the Staten Island Green and Clean Festival, and the Staten Island Health and Wellness Expo. Cesar J. Claro serves as the President & CEO of the organization.

[Wikipedia: Raju Sundaram] Raju Sundaram (born Rajendra Sundaram) is a National Award-winning Indian choreographer who has primarily worked on Tamil and Telugu language films. He has also featured as an actor in the films "Jeans" (1998), "I Love You Da" (2002) and "Quick Gun Murugan" (2009); and directed one feature film, "Aegan" (2008) starring Ajith Kumar and Nayantara. He is an oldest son of dancer Mugur Sundar, and an older brother to fellow choreographers Prabhu Deva and Nagendra Prasad.

[Wikipedia: Alfred Sandor] Alfred Sandor (November 5, 1918 – September 22, 1983), born as Alfred Sandwina, and billed early in his career as Al Sandwina was a Hungarian-born American and Australian character actor and singer, born in Budapest during the turmoil of the Hungarian Revolutions and Interventions, He spent his early years travelling with the circus, where his mother, Katie Sandwina, was a circus strongwoman, and he had a background as a ringmaster. After a brief career working as a boxer in New York City, he found himself working as a spy behind enemy lines during World War II, for the Counter Intelligence Agency of the US Army. Having returned to America, he established himself as an actor, appearing in Broadway Productions and Musician Theatre. On US television he appeared on the Phil Silvers show and played Sheriff George Patterson in a single episode of "Dark Shadows" in 1968 and on Our Five Daughters, theatre work included Neil Simon's "The Odd Couple", and Gypsy opposite Ethel Merman, film work included "The Return of Captain Invincible".

[Wikipedia: Robert Graves] Robert von Ranke Graves (24 July 1895 – 7 December 1985), also known as Robert Ranke Graves and most commonly Robert Graves, was an English poet, novelist, critic and classicist. In a way similar to Oscar Wilde, Robert Graves was a Celticist and student of Irish mythology, by the influence of his father Alfred Perceval Graves, a celebrated Irish poet — with William Wilde, these families were inheritors of the Gaelic revival. He produced more than 140 works. Graves's poems—together with his translations and innovative analysis and interpretations of the Greek myths; his memoir of his early life, including his role in the First World War, "Good-Bye to All That"; and his speculative study of poetic inspiration, "The White Goddess"—have never been out of print. Irish literature deeply affected Graves' White Goddess theories, specifically the genre aisling.

[Wikipedia: English cricket team in Australia in 1950–51] Freddie Brown captained the English cricket team in Australia in 1950–51, playing as England in the 1950-51 Ashes series against the Australians and as the MCC in their other matches on the tour. They were regarded as a weak team - some critics wanted to cancel the tour - and failed to regain the Ashes. However, these facts do not tell the whole story as the inspirational Brown exposed flaws in the powerful Australian team. By winning the Fifth and final Test he ended Australia's record of 26 Tests without defeat and paved the way for England's victories in 1953, 1954-55 and 1956.

[Wikipedia: John Hancock Center] The John Hancock Center is a 100-story, 1,128-foot (343.7 m) supertall skyscraper at 875 North Michigan Avenue, Chicago, Illinois, United States. It was constructed under the supervision of Skidmore, Owings and Merrill, with chief designer Bruce Graham and structural engineer Fazlur Khan. When the building topped out on May 6, 1968, it was the second tallest building in the world and the tallest outside of New York City. It is currently the fourth-tallest building in Chicago and the eighth-tallest in the United States, after One World Trade Center, the Willis Tower, 432 Park Avenue, the Trump Tower Chicago, the Empire State Building, the Bank of America Tower, and the Aon Center. When measured to the top of its antenna masts, it stands at 1500 ft . The building is home to offices and restaurants, as well as about 700 condominiums, and contains the third highest residence in the world, after the Burj Khalifa in Dubai and the Trump Tower in Chicago. The building was named for John Hancock Mutual Life Insurance Company, a developer and original tenant of the building.

[Wikipedia: Jameson Taillon] Jameson Lee Taillon (born November 18, 1991) is a Canadian American professional baseball pitcher for the Pittsburgh Pirates of Major League Baseball (MLB). Taillon was drafted by the Pirates as the second overall pick in the 2010 Major League Baseball draft.

[Wikipedia: Randy Johnson's perfect game] On May 18, 2004, Randy Johnson, who was a pitcher for the Major League Baseball (MLB) Arizona Diamondbacks, pitched a perfect game against the Atlanta Braves. The game took place at Turner Field in Atlanta in front of a crowd of 23,381 people. Johnson, who was 40 at the time, was the oldest pitcher in MLB history to throw a perfect game, surpassing Cy Young who was 37 when he threw his perfect game in 1904. The perfect game was the 17th in baseball history, the predecessor being David Cone in 1999 and the seventh in National League history, the predecessor being Dennis Martínez in 1991.

[Wikipedia: Pilgrim Reformed Church Cemetery] Pilgrim Reformed Church Cemetery is a historic church cemetery located near Lexington, Davidson County, North Carolina. It is associated with the Pilgrim Reformed Church, founded about 1757 By a man of the name Valentine Leonhardt. It contains approximately 350 burials, with the earliest gravestone dated to 1781. It features a unique collection of folk gravestones by local stone cutters erected in Davidson County in the late-18th and first half of the 19th centuries. The church was the first Pilgrim church in North Carolina.

[Wikipedia: BAPE] BAPE (or A Bathing Ape) is a Japanese clothing company.

[Wikipedia: H. Stuart Menzies] Hugh Stuart Menzies (18861959) was a British advertising executive. Born in London, in 1922 he set up the Stuart Advertising Agency that worked with contemporary artists of the time such as Edward Bawden, Edward McKnight Kauffer, Ben Nicholson, and Barbara Hepworth. Menzies initially worked for Fortnum and Mason running their Invalid Delicasies Food Department before becoming a copywriter and producing the Commentaries for Fortnum & Mason - a new style of direct mail booklets illustrated by W Hendy, Menzies and Edward Bawden. The Stuart Advertising Agency were commissioned to design the logo of Imperial Airways and some of the "Shell on the Road" publicity for Shell-Mex. Menzies's business partner, Marcus Brumwell, headed the firm when Menzies retired around 1938-9. Menzies moved with his wife, Elizabeth to Tahiti and later settled in Canada. He died in December 1959 whilst on a cruise near Gibraltar.

[Wikipedia: Lonesome Pine Fiddlers] The Lonesome Pine Fiddlers (1938- 1966) were an early bluegrass band which included such notable "first generation" bluegrass musicians as Ezra Cline, Bobby Osborne, Paul Williams, Melvin Goins, Charlie Cline, Curly Ray Cline, Larry Richardson and for a short time Jimmy Martin. The group was started by Ezra Cline and Curly Ray Cline and was originally named "Cousin Ezra and the Lonesome Pine Fiddlers". The Clines came from a large family consisting of musically talented people. Ray and Charlie's father, Charlie, was a talented banjo player and the women in the family, Geraldine and Bobbi, were great singers. For reasons unknown, Bobbi and Geraldine never joined the band on the road but often joined in at home, especially when notable Country singers, such as Bill Monroe, Lester Flatt and Earl Scruggs, and Hank Williams, came visiting. None of them ever had a music lesson yet excelled on every instrument they touched. Natives of the Gilbert Creek region of southern West Virginia, Cousin Ezra, along with brothers Ireland (Lazy Ned) and Curly Ray Cline, were part of the original Lonesome Pine Fiddlers from about 1938, a group that worked on radio at WHIS Bluefield, West Virginia. During World War II, Ned was killed in action. When the Pine Fiddlers resumed regular daily broadcasts, Charlie, who played multiple instruments, joined them on a regular basis. Charlie returned to the Fiddlers briefly before becoming a member of Bill Monroe's Blue Grass Boys. During 1952-1955, Charlie worked off and on with Monroe, recording some 38 songs, all on Decca. It has been said that he played every instrument at one time or another in the Monroe group except mandolin. Charlie spent most of 1953 back with the Lonesome Pine Fiddlers working at WJR radio in Detroit. When Ezra brought the band to Pikeville, Kentucky, in November, Charlie rejoined Bill Monroe. In 1954, Charlie did a session, playing lead guitar, with the Stanley Brothers and also another one on RCA with the Fiddlers, although he was not otherwise working with them at the time. He also worked briefly as a sideman with the Osborne Brothers, although he did not record with them. By 1958, Charlie (electric lead guitar) and his wife, Lee (electric bass), had rejoined Ezra and Curly Ray in the Lonesome Pine Fiddlers, who were experimenting with a more modern sound and working a TV show in Huntington, West Virginia, in addition to daily radio in Pikeville. In his later years, Charlie was with the Stanley Brothers. Curly Ray also played with the Stanley Brothers at a different time as their fiddler. Curly Ray was one of the best fiddlers in Bluegrass. This most talented family of musicians were the best, surpassed by none. Finally, on October 1, 2009, The Lonesome Pine Fiddlers got their due when they were inducted into the International Bluegrass Hall of Fame at the Ryman Theater (the original home of the Grand Ole Opry). Bobby Osborne, Melvin Goins and Paul Williams were there to receive the bands award. In the crowd of a sold out theater was the son of Ezra Cline, Scotty Ireland Cline, who recalled being in that same theater as a child sitting on stage and watching the Fiddlers play. (At the time, the Opry had bleachers for family just off stage). The final act of the evening at the IBMA Awards was the playing of "Pain in my Heart" by Osborne, Goins and Williams along with a Song from the Dillards, who were also inducted the same evening.

[Wikipedia: Tutunamayanlar] Tutunamayanlar (lit. "the ones who cannot hold on"; in Eng. "The Disconnected") is the first novel of Oguz Atay, one of the most prominent Turkish authors. It was written in 1970-71 and published in 1972. Although it was never reprinted in his lifetime and was controversial among critics, it has become a best-seller since a new edition came out in 1984. It has been described as “probably the most eminent novel of twentieth-century Turkish literature”. This reference is due to a UNESCO survey, which goes on: “it poses an earnest challenge to even the most skilled translator with its kaleidoscope of colloquialisms and sheer size.” Two translation has been published thus far, into Dutch, as "Het leven in stukken" (Life in pieces), and into German, as "Die Haltlosen"(usually "unstable", "unsupported", but here a literal translation of the Turkish).An English translation by Sevin Seydi, as "The Disconnected", has been published by Olric Press in 2017 (ISBN  ).The novel teases the well-established norms of the Turkish bourgeois world by a style which only "the disconnected" could empathize with. And in 2012, first edition of the book is being sold for pretty expensive prices up to almost 1000 lira (~430 €)

[Wikipedia: Chris Duesterdiek] Christopher "Chris" Robin Duesterdiek is a Canadian sound designer. He is best known for his work on "The Snow Walker" (2003), "Elysium" (2013), "The Interview" (2014) and "The Revenant" (2015).

[Wikipedia: Robert Pastorelli] Robert Joseph Pastorelli (June 21, 1954 – March 8, 2004) was an American actor.

[Wikipedia: List of The X Factor finalists (UK series 8)] The eighth UK series of "The X Factor" was broadcast on ITV from 20 August 2011, with the live shows starting on 8 October 2011. Girl group Little Mix were the winners, and the runner-up was Marcus Collins. After "The X Factor", several of the contestants went on to release singles, including Little Mix, Collins, Amelia Lily, Misha B, Frankie Cocozza, The Risk and 2 Shoes. On 25 July 2013, three contestants from series 8 - Little Mix, Amelia Lily and Misha B - were included in the (three-minute 41-second) X Factor Ultimate Mash-Up, a video trailer for series 10, a selection of 13 tracks and artists chosen to represent a decade of 'The X Factor' artists impact on the UK national chart.

[Wikipedia: Lucie Hradecká] Lucie Hradecká (] ; born 21 May 1985 in Prague) is a professional tennis player from the Czech Republic. In her career, Hradecká has won 19 WTA doubles titles, and two Grand Slam titles, the 2011 French Open and the 2013 US Open, partnered both times by fellow Czech Andrea Hlaváčková. The pair are also the 2012 Olympic silver medallists in doubles. She has also won a mixed doubles Grand Slam title, the 2013 French Open with František Čermák. Her biggest singles career highlight to date was defeating former world number one Ana Ivanovic in the first round of the 2015 Australian Open.

[Wikipedia: J. P. Crawford] John Paul "J. P." Crawford (born January 11, 1995) is an American professional baseball shortstop and third baseman for the Philadelphia Phillies. After growing up in Lakewood, California, he attended Lakewood High School where he achieved recognition for his athletic performance, receiving recognition as one of the nation's best teenage baseball players. The 16th pick overall in the 2013 Major League Baseball draft, Crawford began his career with the Phillies as a stellar defensive infielder and was considered the organization's top prospect for much of his rise through their minor league system. He was promoted to the major league ball club in 2017, playing at his natural position and third base.

[Wikipedia: And Be a Villain] And Be a Villain (British title More Deaths Than One) is a Nero Wolfe detective novel by Rex Stout, first published by the Viking Press in 1948. The story was collected in the omnibus volumes "Full House" (Viking 1961) and "Triple Zeck" (Viking 1974).

[Wikipedia: Silver Lake (Cook County, Minnesota)] Silver Lake is a 22 acre lake in Cook County, Minnesota which is tributary to the Poplar River. Silver Lake is six feet deep and has clarity down to 4.5 feet. It has one inflow from Bulge Lake, and drains into Rice Lake South of the inflow on the northwest shore, most of the west shore is a brush bog. Silver Lake has a shoreline of 1.1 miles.

[Wikipedia: Short Circuit (1986 film)] Short Circuit is a 1986 American comic science fiction film directed by John Badham and written by S. S. Wilson and Brent Maddock. The film's plot centers upon an experimental military robot that is struck by lightning and gains a more humanlike intelligence, with which it embarks to explore its new state. "Short Circuit" stars Ally Sheedy, Steve Guttenberg, Fisher Stevens, Austin Pendleton and G. W. Bailey, with Tim Blaney as the voice of the robot named "Johnny 5". A sequel, "Short Circuit 2", was released in 1988.

[Wikipedia: Rickard] Rickard is both a surname and a masculine given name. It is of European origin and it is closely related to the given name Richard and the surnames Rickards and Richards.

[Wikipedia: Sylvester Croom] Sylvester Croom Jr. (born September 25, 1954) is an American football coach. He is currently the running backs coach for the NFL's Tennessee Titans. He was the head coach at Mississippi State University from 2004 to 2008, and the first African American head football coach in the Southeastern Conference. His father, Sylvester Croom, Sr., was himself an All-American football player at Alabama A&M, later the team chaplain at the University of Alabama, and has been recognized by that school as one of the state's 40 pioneers of civil rights. Since his time at Mississippi State, Croom, Jr. has served as running backs coach for three teams in the National Football League.

[Wikipedia: Ferrari 360] The Ferrari 360 is a two-seater sports car built by Ferrari from 1999 to 2005. It succeeded the Ferrari F355 and was replaced by the Ferrari F430. It is a mid-engined, rear wheel drive V8-powered coupe.

[Wikipedia: Peter C. Doherty] Peter Charles Doherty, (born 15 October 1940) is an Australian veterinary surgeon and researcher in the field of medicine. He received the Albert Lasker Award for Basic Medical Research in 1995, the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine jointly with Rolf M. Zinkernagel in 1996 and was named Australian of the Year in 1997. In the Australia Day Honours of 1997, he was named a Companion of the Order of Australia for his work with Zinkernagel. He is also a National Trust Australian Living Treasure. In 2009 as part of the Q150 celebrations, Doherty's immune system research was announced as one of the Q150 Icons of Queensland for its role as an iconic "innovation and invention".

[Wikipedia: Park Avenue House] The Park Avenue House is a high rise residential building located at 2305 Park Avenue in the Park Avenue Historic District in Downtown Detroit, Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996. It should not be confused with the nearby Park Avenue Hotel, which was demolished in 2015.

[Wikipedia: Ileana Sonnabend] Ileana Sonnabend (née Schapira, born October 29, 1914, Bucharest, Romania, died October 21, 2007, New York City) was a dealer of 20th-century art. The Sonnabend Gallery opened in Paris in 1962 and was instrumental in making American art of the 1960s known in Europe, with an emphasis on American Pop Art. In 1970, Sonnabend Gallery opened in New York on Madison Avenue and in 1971 relocated to 420 West Broadway in SoHo where it was one of the major protagonists that made SoHo the international art center it remained until the early 1990s. The gallery was instrumental in making European art of the 1970s known in America, with an emphasis on European conceptual art and Arte Povera. It also presented American conceptual and minimal art of the 1970s. In 1986, the so-called “Neo-Geo” show introduced, among others, the artist Jeff Koons. In the late 1990s, the gallery moved to Chelsea and continues to be active after Sonnabend's death. The gallery goes on showing the work of artists who rose to prominence in the 1960s and 1970s like Robert Morris, Bernd and Hilla Becher and Gilbert & George as well as more recent artists like Jeff Koons, Rona Pondick, Candida Höfer, Elger Esser, and Clifford Ross among others.

[Wikipedia: Rincon Oil Field] The Rincon Oil Field is a large oil field on the coast of southern California, about ten miles northwest of the city of Ventura, and about 20 miles east-southeast of the city of Santa Barbara. It is the westernmost onshore field in a series of three fields which follow the Ventura Anticline, an east-west trending feature paralleling the Transverse Ranges. Discovered in 1927, the oil field is ranked 36th in California by size of recoverable oil reserves, and while mostly depleted – now having, by California Department of Conservation estimates, only about 2.5% of its original oil – it remains productive, with 77 wells active at the beginning of 2008. Oil produced in the field flows through the M-143 pipeline, which parallels U.S. Highway 101 southeast to the Ventura Pump Station, at which point it joins a Tosco pipeline which carries it to Los Angeles area refineries. As of 2009, the primary operators of the field were Occidental Petroleum for the onshore portion, and Greka Energy for the offshore portion. The offshore part of the field is operated mainly from Rincon Island.

[Wikipedia: Hello, I'm Johnny Cash] Hello, I'm Johnny Cash is the 33rd album by American country singer Johnny Cash, released on Columbia Records in 1970 (see 1970 in music). "If I Were a Carpenter", a famous duet with Cash's wife, June Carter Cash, earned the couple a Grammy Award for Best Country Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocal in 1971 (see Grammy Awards of 1971); the song also reached No. 2 on the Country charts. This album also includes "To Beat the Devil", the first Kris Kristofferson song covered by Cash; the two would later collaborate numerous times, most famously on "Sunday Mornin' Comin' Down". "See Ruby Fall" and "Blistered" were also released as singles, and the album itself reached No. 1 on the country charts and No. 6 on the pop charts. It was certified Gold on 1/29/1970 by the R.I.A.A. The album has been released on CD (Sony Music, Original Album Classics, along with "The Johnny Cash Show" and "Man In Black") and it has been made available on official download sites. This album is not to be confused with a best-of cd that has the same name.

[Wikipedia: Nandao] Nandao is a kind of sword that is used mostly in contemporary Chinese wushu exercises and forms. It is the southern variation of the "northern broadsword", or Beidao. Its blade bears some resemblance to the butterfly sword, also a southern Chinese single-bladed weapon; the main difference is the size, and the fact that the butterfly swords have D-shaped knuckle guards. The main difference with the beidao is that the nandao is mostly used two-handed due to its larger amount of weight, and it has a large metal crossguard useful in deflecting blows and hooking the opponent's weapon; also, although it is single-edged, the nandao is not curved like the northern broadsword.

[Wikipedia: Pachanga Diliman F.C.] Pachanga Diliman Football Club is a professional Filipino association football club based in Diliman, Quezon City that plays in the United Football League, the highest level of Philippine club football. It was founded in 1998 as Pachanga Football Club by then owner Alfredo Razon Gonzalez. In 2012, Pachanga was sold to the owners of Diliman Football Club, who then merged the two clubs. The team is managed by John Gutierrez and is headed by coach Yuki Matsuda.

[Wikipedia: Michael Veitch] Michael Veitch (born 29 November 1962) is an Australian author, actor and broadcaster, best known for his roles on the sketch comedy television shows "The D-Generation", "Fast Forward" and "Full Frontal", as well as for his books on World War II aviation, marine science and travel.

[Wikipedia: Jason Walton] Jason Walton (born 13 June 1990) is an English rugby league player for Featherstone Rovers in the Championship. His first professional club was also Salford Red Devils then known as Salford City Reds, playing five matches from the bench before joining Batley Bulldogs making over 100 appearances. He would rejoin Salford Red Devils for the 2014 season along with fellow Batley Bulldog Greg Johnson making 21 appearances until joining London Broncos on a deal until the end of 2016. He was released by London and signed a one-year deal with Wakefield Trinity Wildcats in December 2015.

[Wikipedia: John Chapman (harness racing)] John Chapman (November 25, 1928 - May 2, 1980) was one of the most successful trainers and drivers in the sport of harness racing. He died unexpectedly at age 51 shortly after his ongoing career had been recognized with induction into his sport's Halls of Fame in both Canada and the United States. He grew up playing ice hockey and would Captain the Toronto St. Michael's Majors team of the Ontario Junior Hockey League.

[Wikipedia: Sai Wan Estate] Sai Wan Estate () is a public housing estate in Kennedy Town, Sai Wan, Hong Kong. Built into a hillside that had to be extensively cut away in 1958 and 1959, the estate comprises 640 flats in five linear blocks of 10 to 14 storeys. It is the only public housing estate in Central and Western District developed by the Hong Kong Housing Authority and it is the second oldest existing public housing estate built by the Hong Kong Housing Authority, after Model Housing Estate.

[Wikipedia: Saans] Saans (English: "Breath") is an Indian television series written and directed by television actress Neena Gupta who works in the series as well alongside television actor Kanwaljit Singh. The series premiered on STAR Plus in 1998. The story focused on the accidental love triangle between the characters Priya, Gautam, and Manisha. Neena Gupta won the award for 'Best Director' and Kanwaljit Singh won for the 'Best Actor' categories at the Kalakar Awards 1998. The television actor, Neena Gupta, acclaimed huge popularity after the show's success.

[Wikipedia: 2013–14 Syracuse Orange men's basketball team] The 2013–14 Syracuse Orange men's basketball team represented Syracuse University during the 2013–14 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The team played its home games at the Carrier Dome in Syracuse, New York. This marked Syracuse's inaugural season in the Atlantic Coast Conference, having moved from the Big East Conference. They finished the season 28–6, 14–4 in ACC play to finish in second place. They lost in the quarterfinals of the ACC Tournament to North Carolina State. They received an at-large bid to the NCAA Tournament where they defeated Western Michigan in the second round before losing in the third round to Dayton. They started the season 25–0 before losing 6 of their final 9 games.

[Wikipedia: Quadrophenia (film)] Quadrophenia is a 1979 British drama film, loosely based on the The Who's 1973 rock opera of the same name. It was directed by Franc Roddam in his feature directing début. Unlike the adaptation of "Tommy", "Quadrophenia" is not a musical film, and the band does not appear live in the film.

[Wikipedia: Zhang Kangzhi] Zhang Kangzhi （张康之 , 12 August 1957- ）, born in Tongshan, Jiangsu province, is one of the two Changjiang Scholars in the discipline of Public Administration, a professor and a tutor of a Ph.D. in the Department of Public Administration of Renmin University of China (RUC), an adjunct professor of the Center for Public Administration Research of Sun Yat-Sen University, a standing director of the fifth council of the Chinese Public Administration Society, and guest professor, chair professor, and adjunct professor of many other universities.

[Wikipedia: Mistress of the World] Mistress of the World (German: "Die Herrin der Welt" , French: "Les mystères d'Angkor" , Italian: "Il mistero dei tre continenti" ) is a 1960 German-French-Italian science fiction-spy film directed by William Dieterle and starring Martha Hyer and Carlos Thompson. It marked the comeback in his native country of the director William Dieterle after several decades spent in Hollywood. In West Germany it was released in a longer version split in two parts ("Die Herrin der Welt - Teil I" and "Die Herrin der Welt - Teil II").

[Wikipedia: Denmark in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009] Denmark participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009 held in Moscow on 16 May 2009. Denmark was represented by Brinck with the song "Believe Again". Two other Danish-born contestants also participated at the 2009 Eurovision contest: Susanne Georgi represented Andorra and Yohanna represented Iceland.

[Wikipedia: Malèna] Malèna is a 2000 Italian romantic drama film starring Monica Bellucci and . It was directed and written by Giuseppe Tornatore from a story by Luciano Vincenzoni. It won the Grand Prix at the 2001 Cabourg Film Festival.

[Wikipedia: Wilson Glacier (Mount Rainier)] The Wilson Glacier is a medium-sized tributary glacier located on the southeast flank of Mount Rainier in Washington. Named after A.D. Wilson, who was part of an early ascent of Mount Rainier, the body of ice has an area of 0.5 sqmi and has a volume of 1.9 billion feet (54 million m). The glacier is directly feeds ice to the adjacent, but much larger Nisqually Glacier. Starting from the head at 9700 ft , the glacier flows downhill southward. One part of the glacier meets the Nisqually Glacier at 8000 ft and the other part of the glacier ends on a cliff in between the Wilson and Nisqually Glacier at 7200 ft . Meltwater from the glacier feeds the Nisqually River.

[Wikipedia: Horace Webster] Horace Webster (Hartford, Connecticut, September 21, 1794 - Geneva, New York, July 12, 1871) was an American educator who graduated from the United States Military Academy in 1818. Webster remained at West Point as a mathematics professor until 1825, leaving with the rank of first lieutenant. He then moved to Geneva College, where he taught as a professor of mathematics and natural philosophy until he left in 1848 to head the Free Academy of New York, where he continued until retirement in 1869. The school was renamed City College in 1866. Horace Webster served as its first president.

[Wikipedia: A Silent Film] A Silent Film are an English alternative rock band from Oxford. The band consists of Robert Stevenson (vocals/piano/guitar) and Spencer Walker (drums). Their first album, "The City That Sleeps", was released on 6 October 2008, with one reviewer describing it as "a surefire winner". One critic has said that A Silent Film's style "distinctly echoes" Coldplay, Snow Patrol and The Killers. Their latest album, A Silent Film, was released in October 2015.

[Wikipedia: Bassist] A bassist, or bass player, is a musician who plays a bass instrument such as a double bass, bass guitar, keyboard bass or a low brass instrument such as a tuba or sousaphone. Different musical genres tend to be associated with one or more of these instruments. Since the 1960s, the electric bass has been the standard bass instrument for funk, R&B, soul music, rock and roll, reggae, jazz fusion, heavy metal, country and pop music. The double bass is the standard bass instrument for classical music, bluegrass, rockabilly, and most genres of jazz. Low brass instruments such as the tuba or sousaphone are the standard bass instrument in Dixieland and New Orleans-style jazz bands.

[Wikipedia: The Boss (2016 film)] The Boss is a 2016 American comedy film directed by Ben Falcone and written by Falcone, Melissa McCarthy and Steve Mallory. The film stars McCarthy, Kristen Bell, Ella Anderson, Tyler Labine, Kathy Bates, Annie Mumolo, Timothy Simons and Peter Dinklage. The film was released on April 8, 2016, by Universal Pictures.

[Wikipedia: 34th AVN Awards] The 34th AVN Awards, presented by Adult Video News (AVN), honored the best pornographic movies and adult entertainment products of between October 1, 2015 and September 30, 2016 and took place on January 21, 2017 at The Joint in Hard Rock Hotel and Casino, Paradise, Nevada. During the ceremony, Adult Video News presented AVN Awards (often referred to as the Oscars of porn ) in 117 categories. Webcam star Aspen Rae and reigning AVN Female Performer of the Year Riley Reid co-hosted the ceremony, each for the first time. Master of ceremonies was comedian Colin Kane.

[Wikipedia: The Dragon, the Hero] The Dragon, The Hero is a Hong Kong martial art movie directed by Godfrey Ho and starring Philip Ko,Dragon Lee, Tino Wong Cheung and Liu Chung-Liang. The movie is considered as one of the best martial arts movie that Godfrey Ho directed outside of the martial arts movie fanbase. The movie is also known as Dragon on Fire.

[Wikipedia: Paul Gallen] Paul Gallen (born 14 August 1981) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer and heavyweight boxer who currently captains the Cronulla-Sutherland Sharks of the National Rugby League. He is a former captain and representative of the New South Wales State of Origin team. He has also been the vice captain of the Australian national team and has played his whole NRL career to date with the Sharks, with whom he won the 2016 NRL Premiership.

[Wikipedia: The Best of Philip K. Dick] The Best of Philip K. Dick is a collection of science fiction stories by Philip K. Dick. It was first published by Del Rey Books in 1977. Many of the stories had originally appeared in the magazines "Planet Stories", "Fantasy and Science Fiction", "Space Science Fiction", "Imagination", "Astounding Stories", "Galaxy Science Fiction", "Amazing Stories", "Science Fiction Stories" and "Startling Stories", as well as the anthologies "Dangerous Visions" and "Star Science Fiction Stories No.3".

[Wikipedia: Nakama, Fukuoka] Nakama (中間市 , Nakama-shi ) is a city located in Fukuoka Prefecture, Japan. As of 2016, the city has an estimated population of 41,348 and a population density of 2,600 persons per km². The total area is 15.98 km². It is perhaps best known as the birthplace of actor Ken Takakura.

[Wikipedia: 1999–2000 Indiana Pacers season] The 1999–2000 NBA season was the Pacers' 24th season in the National Basketball Association, and 33rd season as a franchise. It was their first season playing at the Conseco Fieldhouse. The Pacers finished first place in the Central Division with a 56–26 record, highlighted by a franchise-best 25-game winning streak at home, which was worthy of the Eastern Conference first seed in the playoffs, guaranteed home-court advantage throughout the Eastern Conference playoffs for the first time in franchise history, and an all-time franchise best win-loss record. Jalen Rose led the team with 18.2 points per game, and was named Most Improved Player of the Year. Reggie Miller and Dale Davis were both selected for the 2000 NBA All-Star Game in Oakland.

[Wikipedia: Marshall, Ohio] Marshall is an unincorporated community in central Marshall Township, Highland County, Ohio, United States. It lies at the intersection of State Routes 124 and 506. Rocky Fork Lake, the site of Rocky Fork State Park, is located 2 miles (3 km) to the north. It lies 7 miles (11 km) east-southeast of the city of Hillsboro, the county seat of Highland County. An early variant name was West Liberty.

[Wikipedia: Albert Speer] Berthold Konrad Hermann Albert Speer ( ; ] ; March 19, 1905 – September 1, 1981) was a German architect who was, for most of World War II, Reich Minister of Armaments and War Production for Nazi Germany. Speer was Adolf Hitler's chief architect before assuming ministerial office. As "the Nazi who said sorry", he accepted moral responsibility at the Nuremberg trials and in his memoirs for complicity in crimes of the Nazi regime, while insisting he had been ignorant of the Holocaust.

[Wikipedia: Howard Schnellenberger] Howard Leslie Schnellenberger (born March 16, 1934) is a retired American football coach with long service at both the professional and college levels. He held head coaching positions with the National Football League's Baltimore Colts and in college for the University of Miami, University of Oklahoma, University of Louisville and Florida Atlantic University. He won a national championship with Miami in 1983. Schnellenberger also worked extensively as an assistant coach at the college and pro levels, including as part of the staff of the undefeated 1972 Miami Dolphins. He is also famous for recruiting Joe Namath to Alabama for Bear Bryant in 1961.

[Wikipedia: Faith and rationality] Faith and rationality are two ideologies that exist in varying degrees of conflict or compatibility. Rationality is based on reason or facts. Faith is belief in inspiration, revelation, or authority. The word "faith" sometimes refers to a belief that is held with lack of reason or evidence, a belief that is held in spite of or against reason or evidence, or it can refer to belief based upon a degree of evidential warrant.

[Wikipedia: Hole set] Hole set is an offensive position in the game of water polo. It can be referred to as either just the "hole" position or the "set." Because this player is typically positioned on the two meter (2M) marker and in center of the opposing team's goal, the position can also be called the two-meter or simply 2M. Other names for this position include center forward, due to the similarity between the corresponding basketball position, as well as the pit-man. The defensive player guarding the hole set can be called the hole-D, where D stands for defense, two-meter defender, or 2M-D.

[Wikipedia: Deck Wars] Deck Wars is a 2011 Canadian television series, airing on HGTV. It is considered a sister series to "Decked Out", and like "Decked Out", stars Paul Lafrance and his deck building crew. Unlike its sister series, "Deck Wars" is a game show that pits two teams of contestants against each other in building a deck in two days with a common theme.

[Wikipedia: Raya (app)] Raya is a private, membership based community for people all over the world to connect and collaborate. It launched in March 2015 as an IOS application. Early on, many members used the application to meet other members romantically. The app describes itself as "A private network for people in creative industries” and in January 2017 the app launched a feature entitled "Work" that allowed members to collaborate on work related projects. The app asks members to apply and log in with their Instagram account causing many members to conjecture if admittance is determined by the applicant's Instagram influence and how many active Raya members follow them. However, many community members with small Instagram followings seem to contradict this theory and the admittance algorithm remains a mystery. It costs $8/month (in US dollars) to be a member of Raya.

[Wikipedia: Alexander Baumann (aeronautical engineer)] Alexander Baumann (15 May 1875 – 23 March 1928) was a German aeronautical engineer and aircraft designer. He is credited with being the first full professor of aeronautical engineering in aviation history as the Chair of Airship Aviation, Flight Technology, and Motor Vehicles at the Royal Institute of Technology, Stuttgart in 1911.

[Wikipedia: Me Ol' Bamboo] "Me Ol' Bamboo" is a song written by the Sherman Brothers for the motion picture "Chitty Chitty Bang Bang". It was originally written to be choreographed as a morris dance (although the dance has much more in common with the Căluşari (reference required)) for the film by Marc Breaux and Dee Dee Wood ("Mary Poppins", "The Happiest Millionaire", "The Sound of Music") and adapted for the stage by choreographer Gillian Lynne who also created the choreography for "Cats" and "The Phantom of the Opera".

[Wikipedia: Sara Berry] Sara Berry (born 1940) is a scholar of contemporary African political economies, professor of history at Johns Hopkins University and co-founder of the Center for Africana Studies at Johns Hopkins. Berry received her PhD in economics at the University of Michigan in 1967 and has taught at Indiana University, Virginia Commonwealth University, Boston University, Johns Hopkins University, and Northwestern University. Berry has published four books: "Cocoa, Custom, and Socio-Economic Change in Rural Western Nigeria" (1975, Oxford: Claredon) "Accumulation, Mobility and Class Formation in an Extended Yoruba Community" (1985, University of California Press), "Boundries: Essays on Poverty, Power and the Past in Asante", 1896-1996 (2001, Heinemann), and "No Condition is Permanent: The Social Dynamics of Agrarian Change in Sub-Saharan Africa" (1993, University of Wisconsin Press). "No Condition is Permanent" won the 1985 Herskovits Prize for the year’s best book on Africa. Berry has worked as a consultant for the Rockefeller Foundation, the Ford Foundation, the U.S. Agency for International Development. The National Endowment for the Humanities, and the Herskovits Book Awards Committee. She has received fellowships and awards from the Fulbright Senior Scholars Program, the Social Science Research Council, the Guggenheim Foundation, and the Mary Ingraham Bunting Institute at Radcliffe College. Berry has a B.A. in history from Radcliffe College in 1961 and an M.A. from University of Michigan in 1965.

[Wikipedia: Green Light Teams] Green Light Teams were Special Forces squads containing members of the U.S. Army, U.S. Navy, and the U.S. Marines during the height of the Cold War with the Soviet Union. These Green Light Teams, also referred to as Atomic Demolition Munitions Specialists, were trained to advance, arm, and deploy Special Atomic Demolition Munitions behind enemy lines. These Atomic Demolition Munitions, also known as ADMs and backpack nukes, are smaller, and more portable nuclear weapons created by the United States beginning in 1954. These initial Atomic Demolition Munitions required large teams of trained soldiers and still weighed hundreds of pounds. The United States of America’s nuclear weapons developers were encouraging of the Military’s desire for tactical nuclear weapons. The President of one of these nuclear weapons developers, James McRae of Sandia Corporation, was among those inspiring the further development of tactical nuclear weapons, asserting: “greater emphasis should be placed on small atomic weapons”. The development of the Davy Crocket nuclear device, an atomic weapon with a sub-kiloton energy yield that can be transported on the back of a jeep, served as a pre-cursor to the eventual final product foreseen by the Military, the Mk-54 Special Atomic Demolition Munition. The Davy Crocket’s lightweight Mark-54 composition was encouraging to the further production and advancement of smaller Special Atomic Demolition Munitions, such as the W-54 version which could be manned by a single trained soldier.

[Wikipedia: Billy Thompson (gunman)] Billy Thompson, sometimes known as Texas Billy Thompson (1845 – September 6, 1897) was an Old West gunman and gambler, and the younger brother of the famous gunman and lawman Ben Thompson. The younger Thompson brother never achieved the fame that his brother achieved, and in his own lifetime was mainly referred to as the unpredictable and troubled younger brother of Ben Thompson. Factually, however, while a dangerous man, he also was a formidable opponent in a gunfight.

[Wikipedia: Get a Clue] Get a Clue is a 2002 Disney Channel Original Movie starring Lindsay Lohan as Lexy Gold, a teenage high school student who investigates a mystery after one of her teachers goes missing. The movie stars Bug Hall as a boy who helps her, Ian Gomez as the missing teacher, Brenda Song as Lexy's best friend, Ali Mukaddam as another student, and Dan Lett as Lexy's father. The film premiered on the Disney Channel on June 28, 2002. It was directed by Maggie Greenwald and was written by Alana Sanko.

[Wikipedia: John Button (Parliamentarian)] John Button (died 1665) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1625 and 1648. He fought on the Parliamentary side in the English Civil War.

[Wikipedia: Den ständiga resan] Den ständiga resan is the fourth studio album by Swedish singer-songwriter Marie Fredriksson, released on 9 October 1992 by EMI Sweden. Two singles were released from the album: "Så länge det lyser mittemot" ("As Long As the Light Shines Through") and "Mellan sommar och höst" ("Between Summer and Autumn"). It was a commercial success upon release in her native Sweden, spending two weeks atop the Swedish Albums Chart, and was certified platinum by the Swedish Recording Industry Association for shipments in excess of 100,000 copies.

[Wikipedia: Tim Duncan] Timothy Theodore Duncan (born April 25, 1976) is an American retired professional basketball player who played his entire 19-year career with the San Antonio Spurs of the National Basketball Association (NBA). Widely considered to be the greatest power forward of all time, he is a five-time NBA champion, two-time NBA MVP, three-time NBA Finals MVP, NBA All-Star Game MVP and NBA Rookie of the Year. He is also a 15-time NBA All-Star and the only player to be selected to both the All-NBA and All-Defensive Teams in all of his first 13 seasons.

[Wikipedia: Hinterrhein (river)] The Hinterrhein (German; Romansh: "Rein Posteriur" ; English: Posterior Rhine ) is one of the two initial tributaries of the Rhine (less in length but bigger by volume) in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland, flowing from the village Hinterrhein near the San Bernardino Pass through the Rheinwald valley into a gorge called Roflaschlucht. In this gorge an equally sized tributary, the Avers Rhine, adds waters from the deep Val Ferrera and the very remote alp Avers and its side valley "Valle di Lei" on Italian territory. After the Rofla Gorge, the valley widens into a section called Schams. The Hinterrhein then reaches Andeer, before passing through another gorge, Viamala just before Thusis. Now another tributary of slightly bigger volume reaches the Hinterrhein as the Landwasser, draining a system of valleys, which is commonly known as Davos joins via the Albula coming from the Albula Pass, which is also the name of a railway line that has become a UNESCO world heritage. Another big tributary of Albula river is Gelgia from the Julier pass area. After flowing to Rothenbrunnen through a valley called Domleschg with an incredible number of castles (showing the importance of transit in the area) again the river is left alone from civilisation in the floodplain "Isla Bella" near Rhäzüns, before it joins the Anterior Rhine at Reichenau, all of them also in Graubünden.

[Wikipedia: Quah Chow Cheung] Quah Chow-cheung (Chinese: 柯昭璋, 8 June 1913 in Penang – 1965 in Hong Kong) was the Colony Commissioner of The Scout Association of Hong Kong from 1950 to 1953, succeeding Victor Halward. He was the first Chinese Colony Commissioner in Hong Kong Scouting. Before that appointment, he was appointed by Halward as one of two Chinese District Commissioner and cared the development of Scouting in Kowloon and south New Territories of Hong Kong.

[Wikipedia: Dofus] Dofus is a Flash-based tactical turn-oriented massively multiplayer online role-playing game (MMORPG) developed and published by Ankama Games, a French computer game manufacturer. Originally released solely in French, it has since been translated into many other languages. It is primarily a pay-to-play game, though it still offers a limited amount of free content. Its success has led to the marketing of spin-off products, such as books, art, comics and a movie released in 2016. It has also led to the development of two continuations: "Dofus Arena", released at the beginning of 2006, which is an alternative "tournament" version of "Dofus"; and "Wakfu", a continuation of "Dofus". The game has attracted over 25 million players worldwide and is especially well known in France. Today, there are more than 1.5 million subscribers every month on this game.

[Wikipedia: Caesar (cocktail)] A Caesar is a cocktail created and primarily consumed in Canada. It typically contains vodka, a caesar mix (a blend of tomato juice and clam broth), hot sauce, and Worcestershire sauce, and is served with ice in a large, celery salt-rimmed glass, typically garnished with a stalk of celery and wedge of lime. What distinguishes it from a Bloody Mary is the inclusion of clam broth. The cocktail may also be contrasted with the Michelada, which has similar flavouring ingredients but uses beer instead of vodka.

[Wikipedia: Sultan Ismail Building] Sultan Ismail Building (Malay: "Bangunan Sultan Ismail" ) is the meeting places for the Johor State Legislative Assembly. It is located in Kota Iskandar, Iskandar Puteri, Johor Bahru District, Johor, Malaysia. The architecture is a distinctive blend of Moorish-Andalusian and Johor-Malay design. There are two distinctive skylights: one shaped like a diamond and another like a pineapple, a symbol of Johor's economic prosperity. Ihe State Legastive Assembly Hall is Malaysia's first parliament that's open to the public. Integrated within the Hall are symbolisms of Johor's past and bright future, such as black pepper motifs. There are also many lush gardens, such as the Musk Lime Garden (Laman Kasturi) and Potpourri Garden (Laman Bunga Rampai). The Jauhar Atrium contains tropical plants and a waterfall. The building is named after The late Sultan Ismail Al-Khalidi ibni Al-Marhum Sultan Ibrahim Al-Masyhur. Behind the building is Kota Iskandar Mosque, a Johor second state mosque.

[Wikipedia: Afghan cricket team in Canada in 2011] The Afghanistan national cricket team toured Canada from 2 to 9 August 2011. The tour consisted of one ICC Intercontinental Cup match against the Canada national cricket team and a pair of One Day Internationals (ODI) for the 2011–13 ICC Intercontinental Cup One-Day. Afghanistan won the Intercontinental Cup and both of the following ODIs.

[Wikipedia: 8-Bit Operators: The Music of Kraftwerk] 8-Bit Operators: The Music of Kraftwerk was released in 2007 by the group 8-Bit Operators on Kraftwerk's US label Astralwerks and EMI Records worldwide. It features cover versions of Kraftwerk songs by several prominent chiptune artists. Inspiration for the project as quoted by Jeremy Kolosine (credited as Executive Producer of the release, and noted founder of the early 80's electronic group Futurisk and chipmusic band Receptors.) "Well the first thing that comes to my mind when I saw a gameboy show was Kraftwerk's Computer World Tour from 1981, where four of them played various handheld devices during the song 'Pocket Calculator'. Plus it came up in a print from a Glomag quote, and an 8 Bit Weapon April Fool's joke that backfired.."

[Wikipedia: William Bradford (Plymouth Colony governor)] William Bradford ( 19 March 1590May 9, 1657) was an English Separatist originally from the West Riding of Yorkshire. He moved to Leiden in Holland in order to escape persecution from King James I of England, and then emigrated to the Plymouth Colony on the "Mayflower" in 1620. He was a signatory to the Mayflower Compact and went on to serve as Governor of the Plymouth Colony intermittently for about 30 years between 1621 and 1657. His journal "Of Plymouth Plantation" covered the years from 1620 to 1657 in Plymouth.

[Wikipedia: Tedy Bruschi] Tedy Lacap Bruschi ( ; born June 9, 1973) is a former professional American football player who was a linebacker in the National Football League (NFL) for thirteen seasons. He played college football for the University of Arizona, and was a two-time consensus All-American. He was drafted by the New England Patriots in the third round of the 1996 NFL Draft, and played his entire professional career with the Patriots. Bruschi won three Super Bowls and was a two-time All-Pro selection.

[Wikipedia: 2007–08 Watford F.C. season] Following relegation from the Premier League in 2006–07, Watford started the 2007–08 season strongly, winning eleven of their opening sixteen games and opening up an 8-point gap at the top of the Championship table. However, after the departure of Adam Johnson to Middlesbrough on 11 November 2007 Watford's form declined; they won six of their next sixteen Championship games, and only one of their final sixteen. In January 2008 Watford sold captain Gavin Mahon and top scorer Marlon King, but purchased Mat Sadler, Leigh Bromby and John Eustace. Watford finished the 2007–08 season in 6th position, and were eliminated in the play-off semi finals to Hull City.

[Wikipedia: Bobby William Austin] Bobby William Austin (born December 29, 1944) is an American sociologist, lecturer, and writer. He is a leading scholar on African-American men and boys and was the first person, as a Program Officer with the W.K. Kellogg Foundation, to fund major philanthropic initiatives for African-American men and boys. Over the past 30 years, in the fields of education, social policy, youth development, cultural theory, philanthropy and religion, he has created a series of structured venues as pathways for how citizens might live life in communities as individuals and as members of groups where peace, meaning, and innovation are nurtured. He is currently President of the Neighborhood Associates Corporation and Managing Director of the EducationThinkTank.

[Wikipedia: Johnny Lujack] John Christopher Lujack Jr. (pronounced Lu' jack; born January 4, 1925) is a former American football quarterback and 1947 Heisman Trophy winner. He played college football for the University of Notre Dame, and professionally for the Chicago Bears. Lujack was the first of several successful quarterbacks who hailed from Western Pennsylvania. Others include Pro Football Hall of Fame members Johnny Unitas, Joe Namath, Dan Marino, Jim Kelly, Joe Montana and George Blanda.

[Wikipedia: Nabakalebara 2015] The Nabakalebara 2015 is a celebration of the ancient ritual of the Nabakalebara associated with most of the Jagannath Temples when the idols of Lord Jagannath, Balabhadra, Subhadra and Sudarshan are replaced by a new set of idols; the last such festival of events was held in 1996. It is a festival the period of which is chosen according to the Hindu Calendar conforming to the astrological planetary positions. The festival during 2015 involves several schedules, and it has started from 23 March with Banajaga Yatra (a process of search to select the neem tree to make new images to replace the old ones) and will conclude with Rathayatra followed Sunabesa (adorning the new images of gods with golden attire) on 27 July, with many other rituals being held in between on specific dates. More than 5 million devotees are expected to participate in these rituals held in and around the temple complex of the Jagannath Temple, Puri, Odisha.

[Wikipedia: Waterloo Gasoline Engine Company] The Waterloo Gasoline Engine Company was the first company to manufacture and sell gasoline powered farm tractors. Based in Waterloo, Iowa, the company was created by John Froelich and a group of Iowa businessmen in 1893, and was originally named the Waterloo Gasoline Traction Engine Company. In 1892, Froelich had invented the first practical gasoline-powered tractor, and the new company was given the opportunity to manufacture and sell the tractor Froelich designed. Unfortunately, the tractor was not successful commercially, and of the four tractors built by the company only two were purchased, and these were later returned to the company by unsatisfied customers. In 1895, the company was sold to John W. Miller and renamed the Waterloo Gasoline Engine Company. Miller decided to stop producing tractors and instead focus on building plain gasoline engines.

[Wikipedia: Steve Moore (ice hockey)] Steven Francis Moore (born September 22, 1978) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey center who played in parts of three National Hockey League (NHL) seasons with the Colorado Avalanche.

[Wikipedia: Missing Pieces (Talk Talk album)] Missing Pieces is a 2001 compilation album by Talk Talk. The first six tracks are the A- and B-Sides of the three CD singles released in 1991 for their final album "Laughing Stock". Four of these are versions of album tracks, with the addition of the otherwise uncollected B-Sides "Stump" and "5:09". The final track, "Piano", was recorded pseudonymously by Mark Hollis (as "John Cope", the title of the B-Side of their 1988 single "I Believe In You" from the album "Spirit of Eden") for the 1998 album "AV 1" by Allinson / Brown, which was produced by former Talk Talk producer Phill Brown. According to Hollis, it was designed to cycle indefinitely for a Dave Allinson/Phill Brown art exhibition and is presented twice in a row on the CD. "Missing Pieces" was released in 2001 to a generally mixed to positive reception. It is now out of print.

[Wikipedia: The Crooked Hinge] The Crooked Hinge is a mystery novel (1938) by detective novelist John Dickson Carr. It combines a seemingly impossible throat-slashing with elements of witchcraft, an automaton modelled on Maelzel's Chess Player, and the story of the Tichborne Claimant. It was dedicated to fellow author Dorothy Sayers "in friendship and esteem."

[Wikipedia: Booker Prize] The Man Booker Prize for Fiction (formerly known as the Booker-McConnell Prize and commonly known simply as the Booker Prize) is a literary prize awarded each year for the best original novel, written in the English language and published in the UK. The winner of the Man Booker Prize is generally assured international renown and success; therefore, the prize is of great significance for the book trade. From its inception, only Commonwealth, Irish, and South African (and later Zimbabwean) citizens were eligible to receive the prize; in 2014, however, this eligibility was widened to any English-language novel.

[Wikipedia: Baby powder] Baby powder is an astringent powder used for preventing diaper rash, as a deodorant, and for other cosmetic uses. It may be composed of talcum (in which case it is also called talcum powder) or corn starch (in which case it is also called corn starch). Talcum powder is dangerous if inhaled since it may cause aspiration pneumonia or granuloma. Pediatricians generally prefer cornstarch to talc because it is unlikely to be easily inhaled. Baby powder can also be used as a shampoo, cleaning agent, and freshener.

[Wikipedia: Old North St. Louis] Old North St. Louis is a neighborhood just north and slightly west of the downtown area of St. Louis, Missouri. Known for the landmark Crown Candy Kitchen, historic 19th century brick homes, and its award-winning community gardens, the neighborhood now known as Old North St. Louis was established as the independent village of North St. Louis in 1816 and was annexed by the City of St. Louis in 1841. After many generations as a very densely populated neighborhood, Old North St. Louis experienced several decades of population losses and deterioration of the community's housing stock. Over the past several years, however, the community has started to experience a dramatic revitalization led by the community-based Old North St. Louis Restoration Group, a non-profit organization. ONSLRG pursues a mission of revitalizing the physical and social dimensions of the Old North St. Louis neighborhood in a manner that respects the neighborhood's historic, cultural and urban character.

[Wikipedia: Vani Harikrishna] Vani Harikrishna () is an Indian film playback singer and music director, who works in South Indian films, primarily in Kannada cinema. She has composed, written and sung several devotional songs before entering into the film playback singing. She won Karnataka State Award for her rendition of "Madhuvana Karedare" song from the film "Inthi Ninna Preethiya". Vani debuted as a film composer with the 2013 film "Loosegalu".

[Wikipedia: John Douglas, 7th Marquess of Queensberry] John Douglas, 7th Marquess of Queensberry (1779 – 19 December 1856), styled Lord John Douglas from May to December 1837, was a Scottish Whig politician.

[Wikipedia: King Rat (film)] King Rat is a 1965 World War II film directed by Bryan Forbes, and starring George Segal as Corporal King and James Fox as Marlowe, two World War II prisoners of war in a squalid camp near Singapore. Among the supporting cast were John Mills and Tom Courtenay. The film was adapted from James Clavell's novel "King Rat" (1962), which in turn is partly based on Clavell's experiences as a POW at Changi Prison during the Second World War.

[Wikipedia: Amityville: The Final Chapter] Amityville: The Final Chapter is the third installment of the "Amityville" book series written by John G. Jones. Most of the book is believed to be fiction unrelated to the actual claims of the Lutz family. John G. Jones is A New York Times/worldwide bestselling author/screenwriter/film & TV producer and musician.Amityville : The Final Chapter was supposedly the final book in the series. However after the success of this book an entirely fictional Amityville sequel was created titled Amityville: The Evil Escapes.

[Wikipedia: Martyrs' Memorial Patna] The Martyr's Memorial, also known as Shaheed Smarak, is a life-size statue of seven young men who sacrificed their lives in the Quit India movement (August 1942), to hoist the national flag on the (now) Secretariat building. The foundation stone of Martyr's Memorial was laid on 15 August 1947, by the governor of Bihar, Mr. Jairam Das Daulatram. The sculptor Deviprasad Roychoudhury built the bronze statue of the seven students with the national flag. These statues were cast in Italy and later placed here.

[Wikipedia: Kate McTell] Kate McTell (born Ruthy Kate Williams; August 22, 1911 – October 3, 1991) was an American blues musician and nurse from Jefferson County, Georgia. She is known primarily as the former wife of the blues musician Blind Willie McTell, whom she accompanied vocally on several recordings. She may have recorded as Ruby Glaze, but there is some uncertainty about whether she and Glaze were the same person, despite the fact that she claimed to be Glaze.

[Wikipedia: Opel Kadett C] The Opel Kadett C is a small family car which was produced by the German automobile manufacturer Opel from 1973 to 1979. The Kadett C, which was the third generation of the Opel Kadett, was released in August 1973, and was Opel's version of the General Motors' "T-Car". It was the last small Opel to feature rear-wheel drive, and remained in production at Opel's Bochum plant until July 1979, by which time Opel had produced 1,701,076. Of these, 52% had been exported outside West Germany, most of them to markets in other parts of western Europe. In other world markets however, various badge engineered versions of the Kadett C remained in production as late as the mid 1990s under other GM brand names.

[Wikipedia: Mulberry (film)] Mulberry () is a 1986 South Korean drama film directed by Lee Doo-yong. Based on the eponymous classic story by Na Do-hyang, the film became known for its erotic subject matter, made possible by the government's gradual relaxation of censorship and control over the film industry during the 1980s. It was part of the wave of "Folk erotic" films that had become popular in South Korea at this time.

[Wikipedia: Rich McKenzie] Richard Anthony McKenzie (born April 15, 1971) is a former American football linebacker. An All-American linebacker in high school, McKenzie starred at Penn State and left the team after the 1992 season though a dominant linebacker and considered by some to be the best athlete on that year's football team, Mckenzie was benched in the final bowl game after discipline issues with Coach Joe Paterno. As his off-the-field issues scared off many NFL teams, McKenzie was not selected until the sixth round of the 1993 NFL Draft. After three years and only eight game appearances he left the NFL.

[Wikipedia: Eynon Evans] Eynon Evans also known as E. Eynon Rees (18 May 1904 – 1989) was a Welsh writer and film actor of the 1950s, mainly known for his radio and television work. During the 1940s he appeared on the BBC radio variety show "Welsh Rarebit" as the comedic character Tommy Troubles, reaching an audience of 12 million.

[Wikipedia: Piet Norval] Pieter ("Piet") Norval (born 7 April 1970) is a former tennis player from South Africa, who turned professional in 1988. The right-hander represented his native country in the doubles competition at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, where he partnered Wayne Ferreira. The pair won the silver medal, after losing the final to Boris Becker and Michael Stich from Germany. Norval reached his highest singles ATP-ranking on 19 June 1989, when he became the no. 125 of the world.

[Wikipedia: Rabidosa hentzi] Rabidosa hentzi is a small species of wolf spider found in North America. Most identified specimens were found in Florida, though some have been found in Georgia and Louisiana. Its color is like that of "Rabidosa carrana" or "Rabidosa rabida", but it is distinguished from other "Rabidosa" species by its paler color and distinct striped pattern on its back. The cephalothorax is a pale brown-yellow color. Between these is a narrower bright yellow to white streak that extends past the eyes. The sternum and abdomen are both pale, though the upper sides are streaked and spotted with brown markings. The eyes are on a black band that extends back, fading into the pale brown. The spermathecae are round and the palea of the pedipalp has a sclerotized cap. Males and females have a similar face and chelicera, though that of males is usually lighter brown. Males will generally have fewer lateral brown markings on the abdomen than females. In the field, it can be distinguished from similar looking species by the thin yellow stripe on its back. Though usually a ground-dweller, due to scopula hairs on the tarsi and metatarsi, it can sometimes climb into shrubs and bushes. It is the only wolf spider that climbs up into the higher vegetation in open woodland.

[Wikipedia: Simon Walker (composer)] Simon Walker (born 1961 in Sydney, NSW) is an Australian composer of numerous film and television soundtracks including "For the Term of His Natural Life". The first available soundtrack of his music was of his lush and beautiful score for "The Wild Duck" on Southern Cross Records, and other releases include his AFI Award-nominated score for "Annie's Coming Out" and "The Last of the Mohicans" on the 1M1 Records label.

[Wikipedia: John R. Sheehy] John R. Sheehy (July 30, 1947) was a Democratic member of the Illinois House of Representatives for a single term from 1993 to 1995. He represented the 37th district, which was located in Chicago's south suburbs. Born in Chicago, Illinois. Sheehy attended Moraine Valley Community College and graduated from Worsham College of Mortuary Science. After graduating from Worsham, he opened Sheehy and Sons Funeral Home. He is a veteran of the Vietnam War. In 1992, Sheehy faced Carl James Vandenberg, who defeated fellow Republican and appointed incumbent Manny Hoffman of Homewood. Sheehy won the Republican leaning district by 239 votes. While a member of the Illinois House, he served on the following committees; Aging; Appropriations-Human Services; Elections & State Government; Elementary & Secondary Education; Registration & Regulation. He was defeated for reelection by Ed Zabrocki, the Mayor of Tinley Park, Illinois, by 539 votes.

[Wikipedia: Chelsio Communications] Chelsio Communications is a privately held technology company headquartered in Sunnyvale, California with a design center in Bangalore, India. Early venture capital funding came from Horizons Ventures, Invesco, Investor Growth Capital, NTT Finance, Vendanta Capital, Abacus Capital Group, Pacesetter Capital Group, and New Enterprise Associates.

[Wikipedia: Game 39] "Game 39" or the international round was a proposed extra round of matches in the Premier League to be played at neutral venues outside England. The top football league in England, the Premier League is currently played on a double round robin basis, where each team play the other 19 home and away, giving a total of 38 games. The international round was proposed at a meeting of the 20 Premier League clubs on 7 February 2008, with a view to being introduced for the 2010–11 season, when a new television broadcasting rights contract would be in place. The proposed start date was later put back to 2013–14. The proposal was reportedly endorsed by the chairmen of a number of Premier League clubs.

[Wikipedia: Martin Ødegaard] Martin Ødegaard (] ; born 17 December 1998) is a Norwegian professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Dutch club SC Heerenveen, on loan from Real Madrid, and the Norway national team.

[Wikipedia: Blackback barb] the blackback barb ("Enteromius barnardi"), is a species of cyprinid fish native to Africa where it is known to occur in shallow, vegetated waters of the Zambezi River system, the Cunene River system and the Zambian portion of the Congo River system. This species can reach a length of 7 cm SL.

[Wikipedia: Sexual Life] Sexual Life is a 2005 comedy-drama, independent film written and directed by Ken Kwapis, who would go on to chronicle modern romantic life in the better-known "He's Just Not That Into You" in 2009. Produced by Ken Aguado and distributed by Showtime Independent Films. Cast members include Azura Skye, Carla Gallo, Anne Heche, Elizabeth Banks, Tom Everett Scott, and Steven Weber.

[Wikipedia: Obi Egekeze] Egekeze was born in Augusta, Georgia in 1985. He attended Westside High School in Augusta, where he was a three-year starter in football, basketball and soccer. A placekicker and punter for the school's football team, he was selected as an all-state player as a senior. Egekze also maintained a high school grade point average of 3.86 and was recruited to play college football by several major universities, including the University of Georgia, Ohio State University, University of Texas, and Penn State. He accepted a scholarship to attend the University of Maryland.

[Wikipedia: Time Warner Center] Time Warner Center is a mixed use (office/commercial and residential) twin-tower building in New York City. Developed by The Related Companies and AREA Property Partners (formerly known as Apollo Real Estate Advisors), its design by David Childs and Mustafa Kemal Abadan of Skidmore, Owings & Merrill, consists of two 750 ft twin towers bridged by a multi-story atrium containing upscale retail shops. Construction began in November 2000, following the demolition of the New York Coliseum, and a topping-out ceremony was held on February 27, 2003. The property had the highest-listed market value in New York City, $1.1 billion, in 2006. Originally constructed as the AOL Time Warner Center, the building encircles the western side of Columbus Circle and straddles the border between Midtown and the Upper West Side. The total floor area of 2.8 e6ft2 is occupied by office space (notably the offices of Time Warner and an R&D Center for VMware), residential condominiums, and the Mandarin Oriental, New York hotel. The Shops at Columbus Circle is an upscale shopping mall located in a curving arcade at the base of the building, with a large Whole Foods Market grocery store on the lower level.

[Wikipedia: Presumed Innocent (film)] Presumed Innocent is a 1990 American legal drama film based on the 1987 novel of the same name by Scott Turow. Directed by Alan J. Pakula, and written by Pakula and Frank Pierson, it stars Harrison Ford, Brian Dennehy, Raúl Juliá, Bonnie Bedelia, Paul Winfield and Greta Scacchi. "Presumed Innocent" follows Rusty Sabich (Ford), a prosecutor who is charged with the murder of his colleague and mistress Carolyn Polhemus (Scacchi).

[Wikipedia: Nucleopore filter] A nuclepore filter (brand name Nuclepore from Whatman, part of GE Healthcare) is a kind of filter in which holes a few micrometres in size have been created in a plastic (e.g. polycarbonate) membrane. These filters are generally created by exposing the membrane to radiation that weakens the plastic and creates specific areas that can be removed by dousing the membrane in acid (or other chemicals). The technique and patent were developed by Robert L. Fleischer, P. Buford Price, and Robert M. Walker as an outgrowth of their research on radiation effects in solids, with a special focus on materials exposed to energetic particles in space. The technique allows for creating uniform holes of any desired diameter to allow even a virus to be filtered.

[Wikipedia: Hampshire and Hampden Canal] The Hampshire and Hampden Canal was the Massachusetts segment of an 86 mi canal that once connected New Haven, Connecticut to the Connecticut River north of Northampton, Massachusetts. Its Connecticut segment was called the Farmington Canal.

[Wikipedia: Gilles Dumas] Gilles Dumas is the coach of the Toulouse Olympique rugby league club. He is a former French international player (1985–1993). He previously coached the French team of Saint Gaudens in Elite 1 and the French national team (1998–2004). he has also been the manager of the French national team more recently (2005–2008), in particular during their 2008 World Cup campaign.

[Wikipedia: Octavia Spencer] Octavia Lenora Spencer (born May 25, 1972) is an American actress and author. She made her film debut in the 1996 drama film "A Time to Kill". Her breakthrough came in 2011, when she starred as Minny Jackson in the period drama film "The Help", for which she won the Academy Award, Golden Globe, SAG, BAFTA, and Critics' Choice Movie Award for Best Supporting Actress. She had a critically acclaimed performance in Ryan Coogler's drama "Fruitvale Station" (2013), for which she received the National Board of Review Award for Best Supporting Actress. Spencer has received acclaim for her work in the films "Smashed" (2012), "Snowpiercer" (2013), "Get on Up" (2014), "The Divergent Series" (2015-2016), "Zootopia" (2016) and "The Shape of Water" (2017). In 2017, she received Academy Award, Golden Globe, and SAG nominations for Best Supporting Actress for her performance as mathematician Dorothy Vaughan in the drama "Hidden Figures".

[Wikipedia: Middle office] The middle office comprises departments of a financial services company that manage position-keeping (i.e. control representation of transactions within transaction-registering system of a company). These divisions make sure these transaction representations properly capture profit flows given the technological resources. The middle office is usually part of operations and finance divisions including product control, which normally is also in charge of settlement. It draws on the resources of both the front and the back offices. Due to their critical role, the middle office always acts in tandem with the front office work on open markets. Broadly speaking, middle office includes roles that affect either side (invest, finance, hedge, insure) of the balance sheet of the business.

[Wikipedia: El Rancho Vegas] El Rancho Vegas was a hotel and casino on the Las Vegas Strip. It was located at 2500 Las Vegas Boulevard, at the southwest corner of Las Vegas Boulevard and Sahara Avenue, and opened on April 3, 1941. Until 1942, it was the largest hotel in Las Vegas with 110 rooms. On June 17, 1960, the hotel was destroyed by fire. In 1982, the El Rancho Hotel and Casino formerly known as the Thunderbird and later as the Silverbird opened across the street from the former site of the El Rancho Vegas, creating some confusion.

[Wikipedia: Elie Wiesel Foundation for Humanity] Elie Wiesel and his wife founded the Elie Wiesel Foundation in 1986, the same year he received the Nobel Prize for Peace, using the award money from the prize to fund the organization. Wiesel has experienced inequality first hand through the Holocaust and has been working in several different areas involving the Holocaust. The Foundation’s mission statement, created in remembrance of the Holocaust, is "to combat indifference, intolerance and injustice through international dialogue and youth-focused programs that promote acceptance, understanding and equality." Wiesel has dedicated the foundation to bringing together people from all over the world to share ideas on political, cultural, religious, and academic boundaries. The foundation organizes contests, awards, and conferences for youths in both the United States and other countries experiencing cultural conflicts.

[Wikipedia: Avro Vulcan XH558] Avro Vulcan XH558 (military serial "XH558", civil aircraft registration "G-VLCN") "The Spirit Of Great Britain" was the last remaining airworthy example of the 134 Avro Vulcan jet powered delta winged strategic nuclear bomber aircraft operated by the Royal Air Force during the Cold War. It was the last Vulcan in military service, and the last to fly at all after 1986. It last flew on 28 October 2015.

[Wikipedia: ICW Heavyweight Championship] The ICW World Heavyweight Championship was a professional wrestling world heavyweight championship of International Championship Wrestling. Many title defenses featured matches between Randy Savage and his real-life brother Lanny Poffo. After the original ICW shut down in 1984, Paul Christy started his own ICW promotion. The title history in 1979 is not clear. It is possible that Randy Savage won the title in July rather than on March 13. In addition, one source does not recognize the title changes between Savage and Poffo between this reign and 1982, as it claims that Savage won the title in 1979 and held it for over four years before dropping it to Christy. Because the championship is a professional wrestling championship, it is not won or lost competitively but instead by the decision of the bookers of a wrestling promotion. The championship is awarded after the chosen team "wins" a match to maintain the illusion that professional wrestling is a competitive sport.

[Wikipedia: Yes TV] Yes TV (stylized as yes TV) is a television system in Canada owned by Crossroads Christian Communications. It consists of three stations (located in the Greater Toronto Area, Calgary, and Edmonton), two rebroadcast transmitters, and several partial affiliates. Formerly known as the Crossroads Television System (CTS), the Yes TV stations and repeaters air a lineup consisting predominantly of Christian faith-based programming, such as televangelists and Crossroads' flagship Christian talk show "100 Huntley Street". During the late-afternoon and evening hours, Yes TV broadcasts secular, family-oriented sitcoms, game shows, and reality series; the system's September 2014 re-launch as Yes TV emphasized its newly acquired Canadian rights to a number of major U.S. reality series, such as "American Idol" and "The Biggest Loser".

[Wikipedia: Carreras Cigarette Factory] The Carreras Cigarette Factory is a large art deco building in Camden, London in the United Kingdom. It is noted as a striking example of early 20th Century Egyptian Revival architecture. The building was erected in 1926-28 by the Carreras Tobacco Company owned by the Russian-Jewish inventor and philanthropist Bernhard Baron on the communal garden area of Mornington Crescent, to a design by architects M.E and O.H Collins and A.G Porri. It is 550 feet (168 metres) long, and is mainly white,

[Wikipedia: Enargia decolor] The Pale Enargia or Aspen Twoleaf Tier ("Enargia decolor") is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It has a boreal-transcontinental distribution, occurring across the Canadian boreal plain and then southward through the western cordillera at higher elevations, where it is presumably limited by the availability of trembling aspen and possibly other poplars. Records range from northernmost British Columbia and south-western Northwest Territories east to New Brunswick. It has also been reported from Nova Scotia, Ohio and New York. In the western United States it is known from western Montana, Idaho, Washington, Oregon, Nevada, Utah, Wyoming (Albany and Carbon counties), western Colorado, New Mexico (Grant Co.), and Arizona (Graham Co.). There are no records from the Rocky Mountain front ranges of Colorado, where it would be expected to be widespread if there is a continuous distribution southward into New Mexico and Arizona. The populations from west of the Rocky Mountains south to New Mexico and Arizona may represent a distinct species.

[Wikipedia: Pennsylvania Route 315] Pennsylvania Route 315 (PA 315) is an 8.2 mi state highway located in Luzerne County, Pennsylvania. The southern terminus is at an interchange with the PA 309 freeway in Wilkes-Barre. The northern terminus is at the entrance of the Wilkes-Barre/Scranton International Airport in Pittston Township just past an interchange with Interstate 81 (I-81). PA 315 heads northeast from PA 309 as a multilane road through suburban development in the Wyoming Valley parallel to I-81. The route comes to an interchange with I-81 and I-476 (Pennsylvania Turnpike Northeast Extension) before passing through Dupont along a one-way pair. Past here, PA 315 follows a divided highway to I-81 and the airport.

[Wikipedia: Leighton Auxiliary Field] Leighton Auxiliary Field is a former facility of the United States Army Air Forces located in Leighton, Alabama. Constructed after 1941 as an auxiliary to the nearby Courtland Army Air Field, it was turned back into farmland after the war.

[Wikipedia: Liphakoe FC] Liphakoe Football Club is a football club based in Moyeni, Quthing District, Lesotho. The club play in the Lesotho Premier League.

[Wikipedia: Stone Temple Pilots (album)] Stone Temple Pilots is the sixth studio album by American rock band Stone Temple Pilots. The album was released worldwide from May 21 through May 27, 2010, and is the band's first album since 2001's "Shangri-La Dee Da". The album is the result of the band's reunion, which occurred in April 2008 with their North American tour. After Stone Temple Pilots had begun playing together, the band decided to record again, but a lawsuit filed by Atlantic Records on June 12, 2008, made the sixth album an uncertainty. Atlantic eventually withdrew the lawsuit, and the band's attorney called the legal situation a "misunderstanding". This is the last album to feature vocalist Scott Weiland before he was fired from the band in 2013 and died in 2015.

[Wikipedia: Timeline of the presidency of John F. Kennedy] The presidency of John F. Kennedy, also known as the Kennedy Administration, began January 20, 1961, when John F. Kennedy was inaugurated as President of the United States, and ended on November 22, 1963, when he was assassinated, a span of days. This timeline begins on January 2, 1960, the date when then U.S. Senator Kennedy announced his intention to run for the Democratic Party presidential nomination, and concludes on November 25, 1963, when the martyred president was buried. Kennedy, the 35th United States president, was the first Roman Catholic as well as the first person born in the 20th century to be elected president. Additionally, he is the youngest individual ever elected to the office.

[Wikipedia: Pete Cunningham (kickboxer)] Peter "Sugarfoot" Cunningham (born March 25, 1963) is a retired Canadian undefeated 7-time World Champion Hall of Fame kickboxer, boxer, martial artist, actor and book writer. Rated by experts as one of the greatest full contact fighters of all time, Sugarfoot was a superb technician who possessed high fighting I.Q. and lightning speed. He retired from kickboxing in 1996 with a record of 50-0-1, having avenged the only draw of his career. Cunningham's skills in the ring have been praised by many Martial Arts legends, including Benny "The Jet" Urquidez, Bill "Superfoot" Wallace, Chuck Norris, Dan Inosanto, Rigan Machado, Don "The Dragon" Wilson and many others. Cunningham maintained a high level competition throughout his career as most of his opponents were either current or former champions. In 1998 in San Jose, California, Peter was honored as the inaugural inductee in the I.S.K.A. Hall of Fame.

[Wikipedia: Richard Gasquet] Richard Gasquet (] ; born 18 June 1986) is a French professional tennis player who is currently ranked world No. 30 in men's singles by the Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP). He won the mixed doubles Grand Slam title at the 2004 French Open, partnering Tatiana Golovin. He also won an Olympic bronze medal in 2012 with his doubles partner Julien Benneteau. His career-high singles ranking is world No. 7, achieved in July 2007. In singles, his best achievements in Grand Slams are reaching the semifinals of the 2007 and 2015 Wimbledon Championships and the semifinals of the 2013 US Open. Gasquet is best known for his long-winding groundstrokes and his one-handed backhand.

[Wikipedia: George Boardman (missionary)] George Dana Boardman (February 8, 1801 – February 11, 1831) was an American missionary. He was born in Livermore, Maine, the son of the Rev. Sylvanus Boardman. He attended Colby College, and was the school's first graduate in 1822. He served as tutor for a year at Colby, then continued his education at Andover Theological Seminary. On February 16, 1825, he was ordained a Baptist minister in West Yarmouth, Maine. Rev. Jeremiah Chaplin, President of Colby College, spoke at his ordination. Boardman married Sarah Hall on July 4, 1825.

[Wikipedia: Adventures of Huckleberry Finn] Adventures of Huckleberry Finn (or, in more recent editions, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn) is a novel by Mark Twain, first published in the United Kingdom in December 1884 and in the United States in February 1885. Commonly named among the Great American Novels, the work is among the first in major American literature to be written throughout in vernacular English, characterized by local color regionalism. It is told in the first person by Huckleberry "Huck" Finn, a friend of Tom Sawyer the narrator of two other Twain novels ("Tom Sawyer Abroad" and "Tom Sawyer, Detective"). It is a direct sequel to "The Adventures of Tom Sawyer".

[Wikipedia: Jason Sanford] Jason Sanford is an American science fiction author best known for his short story writing. His fiction has been published in "Interzone, Asimov's Science Fiction, Analog Science Fiction and Fact, Year's Best SF 14", "Orson Scott Card's InterGalactic Medicine Show" and other magazines and anthologies. He also founded the literary magazine "storySouth" and runs their annual Million Writers Award for best online short stories.

[Wikipedia: Final Fantasy XII] Final Fantasy XII (ファイナルファンタジーXII , Fainaru Fantajī Tuerubu ) is a fantasy role-playing video game developed and published by Square Enix for the PlayStation 2 home video console. Released in 2006, it is the twelfth title in the mainline "Final Fantasy" series. The game introduced several innovations to the series: an open world split into zones, a seamless battle system, a controllable camera, a customizable "gambit" system which lets the player control the artificial intelligence (AI) of characters in battle; and a "license" system that determines which abilities and equipment are used by characters. "Final Fantasy XII" also includes elements from previous games in the series, such as Chocobos and Moogles.

[Wikipedia: Francesco Scarlatti] Francesco Scarlatti (5 December 1666 – c. 1741) was an Italian Baroque composer and musician and the younger brother of the better known Alessandro Scarlatti.

[Wikipedia: 1952 Idaho Vandals football team] The 1952 Idaho Vandals football team represented the University of Idaho in the 1952 college football season. The Vandals were led by second-year head coach Raymond "Babe" Curfman and were members of the Pacific Coast Conference. Home games were played on campus at Neale Stadium in Moscow, with one home game in Boise at old Bronco Stadium at Boise Junior College.

[Wikipedia: Nerella Anjaneyulu] Nerella Anjaneyulu, widely known as Anjanna, served three consecutive five-year terms from 1989 through 2004 as a Member of the Legislative Assembly (MLA) of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh. During his time in the assembly, he represented the constituency of Yellareddy in northwestern Andhra Pradesh as a member of the Telugu Desam Party. (In 2014, Yellareddy and the surrounding regions of northwestern Andhra Pradesh became part of the new Indian state of Telangana.) In September 2002, Nara Chandrababu Naidu, the Chief Minister of Andhra Pradesh, appointed Anjaneyulu the Minister for Technical Education and Training.

[Wikipedia: The Trap (1913 film)] The Trap is a 1913 American silent short drama film directed by Edwin August, produced by Pat Powers, and starring Murdock MacQuarrie, Pauline Bush and Lon Chaney. The film is now considered lost. Chaney would later appear in an unrelated film of the same name in 1922.

[Wikipedia: Bad Love (Eric Clapton song)] "Bad Love" is a rock song written and recorded by the British rock musician Eric Clapton, who co-wrote the title with Foreigner's lead guitarist Mick Jones. The track was released as the third single from Eric Clapton's 1989 studio album "Journeyman" on March 10, 1990 for Reprise Records a sublabel of the Warner Music Group company.

[Wikipedia: John Ormsby (translator)] John Ormsby (1829–1895) was a nineteenth-century British translator. He is most famous for his 1885 English translation of Miguel de Cervantes' "Don Quixote de la Mancha", perhaps the most scholarly and accurate English translation of the novel up to that time. It is so precise that Samuel Putnam, who published his own English translation of the novel in 1949, faults Ormsby for duplicating Cervantes' pronouns so closely that the meaning of the sentences sometimes becomes confusing.

[Wikipedia: Museum of the Earth] The Museum of the Earth is a natural history museum located in Ithaca, New York. The museum was opened in 2003 as part of the Paleontological Research Institution (PRI), an independent organization pursuing research and education in the history of the Earth and its life. Both PRI and the Museum of the Earth are formally affiliated with Cornell University. The Museum of the Earth is home to earth-science exhibits and science-related art displays with a focus on the concurrent evolution of the Earth and life.

[Wikipedia: Biak-na-Bato National Park] Biak-na-Bato National Park is a protected area of the Philippines located almost entirely within Barangay Biak-na-Bato in San Miguel, Bulacan from where it derives its name. The park also extends to the nearby municipalities of San Ildefonso and Doña Remedios Trinidad covering a total area of 2,117 hectares. It was declared a national park in 1937 by President Manuel Luis Quezon by virtue of its association with the history and site of the Biak-na-Bato Republic. The park consists of a cave network and a system of rivers and trails of both historical and ecological importance. Situated only 80 kilometers northeast from Manila, it is fast becoming a popular weekend eco-adventure destination for the city dwellers.

[Wikipedia: Quiet in Heaven/Song of Liberty] "Quiet in Heaven"/"Song of Liberty" is a double A-side single, and is the only official release, by Faith No Man (stylised as Faith•No Man•), before the majority of their members quit and formed Faith No More. The songs have not appeared in any of the band's compilation albums and have not been performed live since Mike Morris left the band.

[Wikipedia: Valerio Fioravanti] Giuseppe Valerio "Giusva" Fioravanti (born 28 March 1958) is an Italian who, with Francesca Mambro, was a leading figure in a far right terrorist group "Nuclei Armati Rivoluzionari" ("Armed Revolutionary Nuclei" or NAR). Fioravanti appeared in films and television from a young age, and in his early teens was the most famous child in Italy. He and Mambro were fugitives wanted for terrorist offences by their early twenties, they spent a further period on the run while wanted for the Bologna bombing. Both were captured after gunfights with police. Although Fioravanti, Mambro and a third NAR mamber were convicted of the bombing, there were those who thought that a higher level of the conspiracy was never uncovered. Fioravanti and Mambro admit carrying out terrorist murders, but have always denied any involvement in the Bologna station bomb.

[Wikipedia: John C. White] John Coyle White (November 26, 1924 – January 20, 1995) was an elected and appointed Democratic official from Texas. He was the longest-serving Texas Commissioner of Agriculture, first elected in 1950 and serving until his resignation in 1977. He was the youngest person ever elected to statewide office in Texas. From 1977 to 1978, he was United States Deputy Secretary of Agriculture. From 1978 to 1981, he was the chairman of the Democratic National Committee under U.S. President Jimmy Carter.

[Wikipedia: Liquorice stick (cocktail)] Liquorice Stick ( ) or alternatively spelled Licorice Stick, also known as a "Regaliz," is a highball (cocktail) made of cola, anisette or absinthe, and black licorice as a garnish. It originated in Terceira Island, Azores, Portugal where it was called a "pauzinho de alcaçuz" as an alternative to the rum and cola drink called a "cuba libre". In Spain it is called a "palito de orozuz". It was introduced into the U.S. through the Portuguese communities in Massachusetts and Rhode Island.

[Wikipedia: Elizabeth Stuart, Queen of Bohemia] Elizabeth Stuart (19 August 1596 – 13 February 1662) was Electress of the Palatinate and briefly Queen of Bohemia as the wife of Frederick V of the Palatinate. Due to her husband’s reign in Bohemia lasting for just one winter, Elizabeth is often referred to as The Winter Queen.

[Wikipedia: Sport in Miami] The city of Miami and the Miami metropolitan area are home to four major league sports teams — the Miami Dolphins of the National Football League, the Miami Heat of the National Basketball Association, the Miami Marlins of Major League Baseball, and the Florida Panthers of the National Hockey League. As well as having all five major professional teams, Miami is also the future home to the Major League Soccer expansion team led by David Beckham.

[Wikipedia: In His Image] "In His Image" is an episode of the American television anthology series "The Twilight Zone" aired on January 3, 1963. This was the first episode of the fourth season. Each episode was expanded to an hour (with commercials) from "In His Image" until "The Bard'". The fourth season is the only season of "The Twilight Zone" to have each episode one hour long. In this episode, a man finds his hometown is suddenly inconsistent with his memories of it and begins experiencing irrational urges to commit murder, two mysteries which together lead him to an unpleasant discovery about his identity.

[Wikipedia: Rock-A-Hula Baby] "Rock-A-Hula Baby " is a song performed by Elvis Presley for the 1961 movie "Blue Hawaii". Written by Ben Weisman, Fred Wise, and Dolores Fuller, it is a genre mix of Hawaiian folk and rock and roll. It was the first song published by Fuller, who would eventually co-write a dozen songs for Presley.

[Wikipedia: De Neve Square Park] De Neve Square Park is a quaint urban pocket park located in the neighborhood of Holmby Hills in West Los Angeles, Los Angeles, California. It is located at the northern terminus of Mapleton Drive where it meets Saint Pierre Road at Beverly Glen Boulevard, where Holmby Hills borders East Gate Bel Air to the west. The trapezoidal (rather than square) park is ringed by mature sycamore trees as well as English-style street lamps from the 1920s (created exclusively for Holmby Hills). De Neve Square Park is one of two parks in Holmby Hills (the other being Holmby Park).

[Wikipedia: Andy Taylor (The Andy Griffith Show)] Sheriff Andrew "Andy" Jackson Taylor and in earlier episodes as Cousin Andy by Barney Fife is the major character on "The Andy Griffith Show", an American sitcom which aired on CBS, (1960–1968). He also appears in the "Gomer Pyle, U.S.M.C." episode "Opie Joins the Marines", made a cameo appearance in the USMC episode "Gomer Goes Home," five episodes of "Mayberry R.F.D." (1968–1971) and the reunion telemovie "Return to Mayberry" (1986). The character made his initial appearance in an episode of "The Danny Thomas Show" entitled "Danny Meets Andy Griffith." In the CBS special "The Andy Griffith - Don Knotts - Jim Nabors Show" (1965), Andy and Barney are featured in a musical sketch about their friendship and recreate some classic moments between the characters. Andy Griffith, as Sheriff Taylor, also has a brief comedy cameo in "Rowan and Martin at the Movies" (1969), a PSA short subject promoting the purchase of U.S. Savings Bonds. Andy Taylor appeared in all 249 episodes of "The Andy Griffith Show" and was played by comedian and actor Andy Griffith.

[Wikipedia: Tom Kingsley] Tom Kingsley (born 18 November 1985) is an English film director. He is best known for co-directing "Black Pond", a 2011 feature film starring Chris Langham and Simon Amstell. He first made his name directing music videos and adverts. He was shortlisted for Best New Director at the 2010 Music Video Awards, and his work has been nominated for the 2012 BAFTAs, the 2011 British Independent Film Awards, the Guardian First Film Award, the Evening Standard Film Awards, and the Raindance Film Festival.

[Wikipedia: Merry Christmas II You] Merry Christmas II You is the second Christmas album and thirteenth studio album by American singer and songwriter Mariah Carey. It was released by Island Records on November 2, 2010. Recording began in April 2010 and continued while Carey became pregnant. She was the executive producer of "Merry Christmas II You" and worked with various record producers, including Bryan-Michael Cox, Jermaine Dupri, Randy Jackson, James Poyser, Marc Shaiman, James "Big Jim" Wright and Johnny "Sev" Severin of RedOne. The album features Carey's mother Patricia Carey as a guest vocalist on "O Come All Ye Faithful" / "Hallelujah Chorus". The album is composed of original songs and covers, ballads and uptempo tracks. It incorporates R&B, soul and house music in its composition.

[Wikipedia: The Heiress (1786 play)] The Heiress is a comedy play by the British playwright and soldier John Burgoyne. The play debuted at the Drury Lane Theatre on 14 January 1786. It concerns the engagement of Lord Gayville to Miss Alscrip, a fashionable woman he believes to be an heiress. Gayville later discovers that the woman who really stands to inherit the fortune is his true love Miss Clifford. The play was an enormous success, running for 31 performances in its initial season and being revived again the following year. The play was initially anonymous, but Burgoyne was soon widely reported to be the author and he acknowledged this after the play's debut.

[Wikipedia: Capture of HMS Cyane and HMS Levant] The capture of HMS "Cyane" and HMS "Levant" was an action which took place at the end of the Anglo-American War of 1812. The British warships HMS "Cyane" and HMS "Levant" fought  on 20 February 1815 about 100 miles east of Madeira. Following exchanges of broadsides and musket fire, both "Cyane" and "Levant" surrendered. The war had actually finished a few days before the action with the ratification of the Treaty of Ghent by both sides, but the combatants were not aware of this.

[Wikipedia: Tehzeeb (2003 film)] Tehzeeb (English: "Etiquette") is a 2003 Indian drama film directed by Khalid Mohammed. It premiered on 21 November 2003. The film stars Shabana Azmi, Urmila Matondkar, Diya Mirza, Arjun Rampal and Rishi Kapoor in a special appearance. Urmila and Shabana were praised for their roles. It was inspired by Ingmar Bergman's Swedish drama "Autumn Sonata" (1978), and was dedicated to Bergman.

[Wikipedia: Blade Guitars] Blade Guitars is a manufacturer of electric guitars and bass guitars founded by luthier Gary Levinson in 1987. Levinson had been repairing guitars since 1964 and, in 1977, during his graduate studies at the University of Basel, Switzerland, he founded Guitars by Levinson. Using the experience he gathered from his work, he decided to start Blade Guitars in 1985. By 1986, he was refining the idea of a line of guitars based on the concept he defines as "Classic Design, Creative Technology"; at this time, he was also determining the features that would characterize his range of guitars. In January 1987, a manufacturing deal was reached for the production of the guitars. Blade Guitars made their debut in October 1987, at the music show of Tokyo. Their presentation at the Frankfurt Musikmesse in 1988 signalled their European launch.

[Wikipedia: Mary Poppins Returns] Mary Poppins Returns (also known as Mary Poppins 2) is an upcoming American musical fantasy film directed by Rob Marshall and written by David Magee. It is the sequel to the 1964 film "Mary Poppins". The film stars Emily Blunt, Lin-Manuel Miranda, Ben Whishaw, Emily Mortimer, Pixie Davies, Joel Dawson, Nathanael Saleh, Julie Walters, Colin Firth, Dick Van Dyke and Meryl Streep. Set 25 years after the 1964 film, it will feature Mary Poppins, the former nanny of Jane and Michael Banks, re-visiting them after a family tragedy. The film is scheduled for release on December 25, 2018, giving it one of the longest gaps between film sequels in history.

[Wikipedia: Synodontis zambezensis] Synodontis zambezensis, known as the brown squeaker, the korokoro, or the plain squeaker, is a species of upside-down catfish that is native to the middle and lower Zambezi River system of Mozambique, South Africa, Swaziland, Tanzania, Zambia and Zimbabwe. It was first described by German naturalist and explorer Wilhelm Peters in 1852, from specimens collected in the Zambezi River in Mozambique. The species name "zambezensis" is derived from the Zambezi River, where this species is found.

[Wikipedia: China Blue] China Blue is a 2005 documentary film directed by Micha Peled. It follows the life of Jasmine Li, a young seventeen-year-old worker from Sichuan province, in a Chinese jeans factory, "Lifeng Clothes Factory" (丽锋服饰制衣有限公司) in Shaxi, Guangdong producing Vigaze Jeans (a company based in Istanbul, Turkey ), hence the title. Jasmine earned about half a yuan for one hour's work (which amounted to about six US cents).

[Wikipedia: Norwegian County Road 63] Norwegian County Road 63 (Norwegian: "Fylkesvei 63" or "Fv63" ) is a Norwegian county road in Møre og Romsdal county and a very small part in Oppland county, Norway. It begins at Norwegian National Road 15 along the lake Langvatnet in Skjåk Municipality in Oppland county and it heads north where it ends at the junction with the European route E136 highway near the town of Åndalsnes in Rauma Municipality, Møre og Romsdal county. The route runs for 103.6 km including a single ferry crossing over the Norddalsfjorden. The vast majority of the road is in Møre og Romsdal county, only the southernmost 2.5 km lie in the extreme western part of Oppland county. Both the Langvatnet–Geiranger and Trollstigen sections of the road are closed during winter and spring (usually early November to late May) due to the weather conditions (snow and avalanches). The road passes by a number of notable landmarks, which has led to the earmarking of the route as national tourist route.

[Wikipedia: Priscilla Duffield] Priscilla Duffield (April 8, 1918 – July 21, 2009) worked on the Manhattan Project during World War II. She was secretary to Ernest O. Lawrence at the Radiation Laboratory, and to J. Robert Oppenheimer at the Los Alamos Laboratory. After the war she was executive assistant to directors of Scripps Institute of Oceanography and the National Accelerator Laboratory.

[Wikipedia: The Rainbow Warrior (film)] The Rainbow Warrior, sometimes called The Sinking of the Rainbow Warrior, is a 1993 television film directed by Michael Tuchner and starring Sam Neill and Jon Voight.

[Wikipedia: Roger Clifton Jennison] Roger Clifton Jennison (18 December 1922 – 29 December 2006) worked as a radio astronomer at Jodrell Bank under the guidance of Robert Hanbury Brown. Jennison made a number of discoveries in the field of radio astronomy, including the discovery of the double nature of radio source Cygnus A (3C 405.0) with M K Das Gupta and the mapping of Cassiopeia A with V Latham.

[Wikipedia: Syracuse University] Syracuse University (commonly referred to as Syracuse, 'Cuse, or SU) is a private research university in Syracuse, New York, United States. The institution's roots can be traced to the Genesee Wesleyan Seminary (later becoming Genesee College), founded in 1831 by the Methodist Episcopal Church in Lima, New York. After several years of debate over relocating the college to Syracuse, the university was established in 1870, independent of the college. Since 1920, the university has identified itself as nonsectarian, although it maintains a relationship with The United Methodist Church.

[Wikipedia: Pineville Historic District] Pineville Historic District is a national historic district located at Pineville, Berkeley County, South Carolina. It encompasses seven contributing buildings and illustrates Pineville's original role as a 19th-century pineland village, and its gradual transformation to agricultural land and to a year-round community in the late-19th and early-20th centuries. The Pineville Historic District consists of four principal buildings, three residential buildings and one Episcopal church, ranging in date from about 1810 through 1925. The architectural styles represented include Federal, Greek Revival, and Bungalow. In the mid to late-19th century, Pineville was a densely settled village that included as many as one hundred buildings, including an academy, racetrack, library, churches, and residences. Much of the town was burned by Union troops at the close of the American Civil War in April 1865. In the years following the war, much of the land that made up the village was converted for use as farmland. Since that time, Pineville has remained a small community of less than 20 structures surrounded by open farm and hunting lands.

[Wikipedia: Tabernacle] The Tabernacle (Hebrew: מִשְׁכַּן‎ ‎ , "mishkan", "residence" or "dwelling place"), according to the Hebrew Bible, was the portable earthly dwelling place of God amongst the children of Israel from the time of the Exodus from Egypt through the conquering of the land of Canaan. Built of woven layers of curtains along with 48 boards clad with polished gold standing like vertical blinds held in place by 5 bars per side with the middle bar shooting through from end to end and furnished with items made from the gold, silver, brass, furs, jewels, and other valuable materials taken out of Egypt at God's orders, and according to specifications revealed by Yahweh (God) to Moses at Mount Sinai, it was transported by the Israelites on their journey through the wilderness and their conquest of the Promised Land. Solomon's Temple in Jerusalem superseded it as the dwelling-place of God some 300 years later.

[Wikipedia: WKJN] WKJN is a Gospel formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Centreville, Mississippi, serving Wilkinson and Amite counties in Mississippi and East Feliciana Parish in Louisiana. The station is owned and operated by Charles W. Dowdy, debtor-in-possession, following the September 2011 bankruptcy filing by Southwest Broadcasting, Inc.

[Wikipedia: BitTorrent Open Source License] The BitTorrent Open Source Licence, is derived from the Jabber Open Source License, which is an Open Source Initiative (OSI) approved license. Former versions of the BitTorrent client (before 6.0) and related pieces of software are licensed under this License which is available here: https://web.archive.org/web/20110809153637/http://www2.bittorrent.com/legal/bittorrent-open-source-license

[Wikipedia: Gabriel Barbosa] Gabriel Barbosa Almeida (born 30 August 1996), known as Gabriel or "Gabigol", is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Portuguese club Benfica, on loan from Italian club Internazionale, and the Brazil national team.

[Wikipedia: Zombieland] Zombieland is a 2009 American comedy horror film directed by Ruben Fleischer and written by Rhett Reese and Paul Wernick. The film stars Woody Harrelson, Jesse Eisenberg, Emma Stone and Abigail Breslin as survivors of a zombie apocalypse. The film follows a geeky college kid making his way through the zombie apocalypse, meeting three strangers along the way and together taking an extended road trip across the Southwestern United States in an attempt to find a sanctuary free from zombies. The film premiered at Fantastic Fest on September 25, 2009 and was theatrically released on October 2, 2009 in the United States by Columbia Pictures. "Zombieland" was a critical and commercial success, grossing more than $60.8 million in 17 days and surpassing the 2004 film "Dawn of the Dead" as the top-grossing zombie film in the United States until "World War Z" in 2013.

[Wikipedia: Frederikshavn fI] Frederikshavn forenede Idrætsklubber (also known as FfI or Frederikshavn fI) is a Danish sports club based in Frederikshavn. The club has branches in football, handball, swimming, gymnastics and wrestling.

[Wikipedia: Irish stepdance] Irish stepdance is a style of performance dance with its roots in traditional Irish dance. It is generally characterized by a stiff upper body and quick and precise movements of the feet. It can be performed solo or in groups. Aside from public dance performances, there are also stepdance competitions all over the world. These competitions are often called Feiseanna (singular Feis). In Irish dance culture, a Feis is a traditional Gaelic arts and culture festival. Costumes are considered important for stage presence in competition and performance Irish stepdance. In many cases, costumes are sold at high prices and can even be custom made. Males and females can both perform Irish stepdance but for the most part in today's society, the dance remains predominantly female. This means that the costumes are mainly dresses. Each dress is different, with varying colors and patterns, designed to attract the judge's eye in competitions and the audience's eye in performance. General appearance besides the costume is also equally important. Dancers would typically curl their hair before each competition. Many dancers invest in curled wigs that match their hair color. Poodle Socks are worn with the dresses and shoes. These are white socks that stretch to mid calf with distinctive ribbing.

[Wikipedia: Palm Court (Alexandria Hotel)] The Palm Court, also known at other times as the Franco-Italian Dining Room, the Grand Ballroom and the Continental Room, is a ballroom at the Hotel Alexandria in downtown Los Angeles, California. In its heyday from 1911 to 1922, it was the scene of speeches by U.S. Presidents William Howard Taft and Woodrow Wilson and Gen. John J. Pershing. It is also the room where Paul Whiteman, later known as the "Jazz King", got his start as a bandleader in 1919, where Rudolph Valentino danced with movie starlets, and where Hollywood held its most significant balls during the early days of the motion picture business. Known for its history and its stained-glass Tiffany skylight, noted Los Angeles columnist Jack Smith called it "surely the most beautiful room in Los Angeles". The Palm Court was designated as a City of Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monument (HCM#80) in 1971.

[Wikipedia: Ernle baronets] The Ernle Baronetcy, of Etchilhampton in the County of Wiltshire, was a title in the Baronetage of England. It was created on 2 February 1660/61 for Walter Ernle, later Member of Parliament for Devizes. He died 25 July 1682, and was buried at Bishops Cannings, Wiltshire. He was succeeded by his grandson, Sir Walter Ernle (1672–1690), 2nd Baronet, of Maddington, Wiltshire, who was, in turn, succeeded at his own death by his younger brother, Sir Edward Ernle (1673-1728/9), 3rd Baronet, P.C., MP. The third Baronet was succeeded by a kinsman, Sir Walter Ernle (1676–1732), 4th Baronet, of Conock, in the parish of Chirton, Wiltshire, who died childless, and was succeeded by his younger brother, the Reverend Sir John Ernle (circa 1680/1-1724), 5th Baronet, Rector of All Cannings, Wiltshire, who was predeceased by his only son.

[Wikipedia: Girl Talk (TLC song)] "Girl Talk" is a song by American group TLC. It was written by band members Lisa Lopes and Tionne Watkins along with Anita McLoud, Edmund "Eddie Hustle" Clement, and Kandi Burruss for the group's fourth studio album, "3D" (2002). Featuring production by Hustle, it was released as the album's lead single in September 2002, along with a previously unreleased song "Get Away". While the song contains vocals by Lisa Lopes, the music video for "Girl Talk" marked the band's first release without Lopes, following her death in April of the same year.

[Wikipedia: 'Til the Band Comes In] 'Til the Band Comes In is the sixth studio album by the American solo artist Scott Walker. It was released in December 1970 but failed to chart. Three singles were released from the album. The title track backed with "Jean the Machine" was released in the Netherlands. "Jean the Machine" and "Thanks For Chicago Mr. James" were each released in Japan. No singles were released in the UK. The release is a loose concept album about the inhabitants of a tenement.

[Wikipedia: Footsteps in the Dark] "Footsteps in the Dark" is a 1977 slow jam recorded by The Isley Brothers as an album track featured on the group's double-platinum album, "Go For Your Guns". It was the B-side to "Groove with You", which reached #16 on the R&B singles chart. Track also noted Ron Isley's growing transition into singing more ballads, compared to the band's more funk approach. While the song didn't chart on either the pop or R&B singles chart, it still garnered popularity initially for its laid-back grooves and the solemn lyrics (the song discussed infidelity) and later would be the basis of a sample years later first by rap group Compton's Most Wanted on their album "Straight Checkn 'Em" on the track "Can I Kill It?" and rapper Ice Cube, who used the musical instrumental of the song for his breakthrough hit, "It Was a Good Day". While the song is well noted for its unique guitar timbre which can be heard on other Isley Brother tracks such as "Voyage to Atlantis". However, the track is most commonly sampled for its unique syncopated drum riff.

[Wikipedia: Rigopiano avalanche] On the afternoon of 18 January 2017, a major avalanche occurred on Gran Sasso d'Italia, a mountain in Rigopiano, a tourist destination in the province of Pescara, in Southern Italy's Abruzzo region. The avalanche struck the luxury resort Hotel Rigopiano, killing twenty-nine people and injuring eleven others. The avalanche is the deadliest in Italy since the White Friday avalanches in 1916, and the deadliest avalanche in Europe since the Galtür avalanche in 1999.

[Wikipedia: Old 8×10] Old 8×10 is the third studio album by country music star Randy Travis. It was released on July 12, 1988 by Warner Bros. Records Nashville. The album produced the singles "Honky Tonk Moon", "Deeper Than the Holler", "Is It Still Over", and "Promises". All of these except "Promises" reached Number One on the Hot Country Songs charts in the late 1980s. The German edition of the album (the first Randy Travis release in that country) contained the bonus track "Forever and Ever, Amen". In January 1990, Old 8×10 earned Travis three American Music Awards for 'Favorite Country Male Artist', 'Favorite Country Album', and 'Favorite Country Single' (Deeper Than the Holler).

[Wikipedia: Atlantic Islands of Galicia National Park] The Atlantic Islands of Galicia National Park (Galician: "Parque Nacional das Illas Atlánticas de Galicia" , Spanish: "Parque Nacional de las Islas Atlánticas de Galicia" ) is the only national park located in the autonomous community of Galicia, Spain. It comprises the archipelagos of Cíes, Ons, Sálvora and Cortegada. The park covers a land area of 1200 ha and a sea area of 7200 ha . It is the tenth most visited national park in Spain. It was the thirteenth national park to be established in Spain.

[Wikipedia: Sally Poncet] Sally Poncet (born 1954) is an Australian-born scientist and adventurer who has explored and studied the Antarctic region since 1977. Her specialty is birds and she made extensive studies of albatross and their habitats for the British Antarctic Survey. She has written guidebooks on preservation of the flora and fauna of South Georgia and received numerous awards and honors, including the Blue Water Medal, the Fuchs Medal and the Polar Medal for her contributions to understanding the southern polar region.

[Wikipedia: EMLL 39th Anniversary Show (2)] Mexican professional wrestling promotion celebrated their 39th anniversary with two professional wrestling major shows centering on the anniversary date in September and October.The second EMLL 39th Anniversary Show took place on October 20, 1972 in Arena México, Mexico City, Mexico to commemorated the anniversary of EMLL, which over time became the oldest professional wrestling promotion in the world. The Anniversary show is EMLL's biggest show of the year.

[Wikipedia: College of Staten Island Baseball Complex] College of Staten Island Baseball Complex is a stadium in Staten Island, New York. It is primarily used for baseball and was the home of Staten Island Yankees before they moved to Richmond County Bank Ballpark in 2001. The ballpark had a capacity of 2,500 people and opened in 1999. It currently hosts the College of Staten Island Dolphins baseball team.

[Wikipedia: Pan-American Exposition] The Pan-American Exposition was a World's Fair held in Buffalo, New York, United States, from May 1 through November 2, 1901. The fair occupied 350 acre of land on the western edge of what is now Delaware Park, extending from Delaware Avenue to Elmwood Avenue and northward to Great Arrow Avenue. It is remembered today primarily for being the location of the assassination of President William McKinley.

[Wikipedia: Dave Farrow] David Andrew Farrow (born January 10, 1975) is a two-time Canadian Guinness World Record Holder for Most Decks of Playing Cards Memorized in a Single Sighting, entrepreneur, memory coach, speed reader and keynote speaker. He is best known for winning the Guinness World Records for Most Decks of Playing Cards Memorized in a Single Sighting in 1996 and again in 2007 when he set out to reclaim his record after it was beaten in 2002. The initial record was set at the Guinness World Records museum in Niagara Falls, Ontario, Canada while the latter was performed for Discovery Channel Canada at CTV Television Network studios. Both records were accomplished under the controlled supervision of multiple cameras and multiple independent witnesses.

[Wikipedia: 2007 Calder Cup playoffs] The 2007 Calder Cup Playoffs of the American Hockey League began on April 18, 2007. The sixteen teams that qualified, eight from each conference, played best-of-7 series for division semifinals, finals and conference finals. The conference champions played a best-of-7 series for the Calder Cup. The Calder Cup Final ended on June 7, 2007 with the Hamilton Bulldogs defeating the Hershey Bears four games to one to win the first Calder Cup in team history. This was a rematch of the 1997 Calder Cup Final, where Hershey defeated Hamilton in five games.

[Wikipedia: Joss Whedon] Joseph Hill Whedon ( ; born June 23, 1964) is an American screenwriter, director, producer, comic book writer, and composer. He is the founder of Mutant Enemy Productions and co-founder of Bellwether Pictures, and is best known as the creator of the television series "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" (1997–2003), "Angel" (1999–2004), "Firefly" (2002), "Dollhouse" (2009–10) and "Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D." (from 2013).

[Wikipedia: Southeast, Washington, D.C.] Southeast (SE or S.E.) is the southeastern quadrant of Washington, D.C., the capital of the United States, and is located south of East Capitol Street and east of South Capitol Street. It includes the Capitol Hill and Anacostia neighborhoods, the Navy Yard, the Joint Base Anacostia-Bolling (JBAB), the U.S. Marine Barracks, the Anacostia River waterfront, Eastern Market, the remains of several Civil War-era forts, historic St. Elizabeths Hospital, RFK Stadium, Nationals Park, and the Congressional Cemetery. It is also contains a landmark known as "The Big Chair," located on Martin Luther King Avenue. The quadrant is bisected by the Anacostia River, with the portion that is west of the river sometimes referred to as "Near Southeast".

[Wikipedia: Walkdown] In country music, walkdown is a bassline which connects two root position chords whose roots are a third apart, often featuring an inverted chord to go between the root notes of the first two chords. See: slash chord. A walkup would be the converse. For example the chords G Major and E minor (a minor third apart) may be joined by an intervening chord to create stepwise motion in the bass: G-D/F♯ -Em (I-V6/4-vi). The second chord, D Major, is performed with its third note, the F#, in the bass. Walkdowns may be performed by the upright bass player, the electric bass player, the guitarist, or a piano player.

[Wikipedia: Anne of Green Gables (1934 film)] Anne of Green Gables is a 1934 film directed by George Nicholls, Jr., based upon the novel, "Anne of Green Gables" by Lucy Maud Montgomery. The actress Dawn O'Day who portrayed the title character of Anne Shirley changed her stage name to "Anne Shirley" after making this film. There was also a sequel; "Anne of Windy Poplars".

[Wikipedia: Erik Borgman] Professor Erik Borgman (born 1957, Amsterdam) (sometimes listed as Eric Borgman) is a Dutch professor of systematic theology at the University of Tilburg, the Netherlands. At the Radboud University Nijmegen, the Netherlands, he was the Director of the Heyendaal Institute, an institute for interdisciplinary research. He is the biographer of the Flemish theologian Edward Schillebeeckx. He was also the President of the International Society for Religion, Literature and Culture. He is a member of the Editorial Board and the Presidential Board of "Concilium: International Journal for Theology", also an editor of the Dutch "Tijdschrift voor Theologie" and member of the Third Order of Saint Dominic.

[Wikipedia: Chinese people in Kyrgyzstan] Chinese people in Kyrgyzstan have been growing in numbers since the late 1980s. 2008 police statistics showed 60,000 Chinese nationals living in the country. However, the 2009 census showed just 1,813 people who declared themselves to be of Chinese ethnicity.

[Wikipedia: Muhammad Bek Abu El Dahab Complex] The Mosque of Abu Dahab is a mosque in Cairo, Egypt just beside Al Azhar Mosque. The mosque was built by the Amir Mohamed Beh Abu El Dahab, one of the leaders of Egypt during the rule of the Ottoman Empire. It is located in Al Azhar Street, beside the main entrance of the Azhar Mosque and it is the fourth mosque in Egypt to be built according to the Ottoman style of architecture. It was originally built as a Madrasa to host the number of students that were coming to study in the Azhar University.

[Wikipedia: Triangle Shirtwaist Factory fire] The Triangle Shirtwaist Factory fire in New York City on March 25, 1911 was the deadliest industrial disaster in the history of the city, and one of the deadliest in US history. The fire caused the deaths of 146 garment workers – 123 women and 23 men – who died from the fire, smoke inhalation, or falling or jumping to their deaths. Most of the victims were recent Italian and Jewish immigrant women aged 16 to 23; of the victims whose ages are known, the oldest victim was Providenza Panno at 43, and the youngest were 14-year-olds Kate Leone and "Sara" Rosaria Maltese.

[Wikipedia: Lee Smith (baseball)] Lee Arthur Smith (born December 4, 1957) is a retired American right-handed baseball pitcher who played 18 years in Major League Baseball (MLB) for eight teams. Pitching primarily for the Chicago Cubs, with whom he spent his first eight seasons, Lee served mostly as a relief pitcher during his career. One of the dominant closers in baseball history, Smith held the major league record for career saves from 1993 until 2006 , when San Diego Padres relief pitcher Trevor Hoffman passed his final total of 478.

[Wikipedia: HMS Illustrious (87)] HMS "Illustrious" was the lead ship of her class of aircraft carriers built for the Royal Navy before World War II. Her first assignment after completion and working up was with the Mediterranean Fleet, in which her aircraft's most notable achievement was sinking one Italian battleship and badly damaging two others during the Battle of Taranto in late 1940. Two months later the carrier was crippled by German dive bombers and was repaired in the United States. After sustaining damage on the voyage home in late 1941 by a collision with her sister ship "Formidable" , "Illustrious" was sent to the Indian Ocean in early 1942 to support the invasion of Vichy French Madagascar (Operation Ironclad). After returning home in early 1943, the ship was given a lengthy refit and briefly assigned to the Home Fleet. She was transferred to Force H for the Battle of Salerno in mid-1943 and then rejoined the Eastern Fleet in the Indian Ocean at the beginning of 1944. Her aircraft attacked several targets in the Japanese-occupied Dutch East Indies over the following year before "Illustrious" was transferred to the newly formed British Pacific Fleet (BPF). The carrier participated in the early stages of the Battle of Okinawa until mechanical defects arising from accumulated battle damage became so severe that she was ordered home early for repairs in May 1945.

[Wikipedia: Arthur Ashe Stadium] Arthur Ashe Stadium is a tennis stadium located in the Queens borough of New York City. As part of the USTA Billie Jean King National Tennis Center, it is the main stadium of the US Open tennis tournament, the fourth and final Grand Slam tennis tournament of the calendar year — and is the largest tennis-specific stadium in the world (by capacity), with a capacity of 23,771.

[Wikipedia: Amir Hosseinpour] Amir Hosseinpour is an opera director and choreographer who has worked in major opera houses around the world. He is a collaborator with directors such as Pierre Audi, founder of the Almeida Theatre, Nigel Lowery, and choreographer Jonathan Lunn. His production of Haydn's Orlando Paladino, co-directed with Nigel Lowery, continues to be broadcast on Sky Arts HD on a regular basis. Some of his biggest productions have been recorded for international DVD release. His choreography for Michael Tippett's The Midsummer Marriage at the Bavarian State Opera in February 1998 was described as 'stunning' by The Daily Telegraph critic, Rupert Christiansen, and it was also highly praised by Wolfgang Sandner in the Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung. Other outstanding reviews for Hosseinpour's work in the German-speaking newspaper Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung (FAZ) were for Les Paladins (Rameau) at Basel in December 2004, reviewed by Gerhard Koch, Petrushka at Munich reviewed by Jochen Schmidt in December 1999 and Orphée et Eurydice at the Bavarian State Opera in November 2003.

[Wikipedia: LGBT rights in Northern Ireland] Lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender (LGBT) rights in Northern Ireland are the least advanced in the United Kingdom and Ireland, lagging behind Great Britain and the Republic of Ireland respectively. It was the last country in the United Kingdom to legalise same-sex sexual activity, the last to end a lifetime ban on blood donations by men who have sex with men and since 2015 is the only part of western Europe to prohibit same-sex marriage. Progress on LGBT rights has mostly been achieved during direct rule by the Government of the United Kingdom or through court action rather than local legislative reform, due to the veto power wielded by the anti-LGBT Democratic Unionist Party and its allies under Northern Ireland's power-sharing system. ILGA rates Northern Ireland as the worst place in the United Kingdom for LGBT people, with 74% equality of rights compared to 86% LGBT equality in the United Kingdom overall and 92% equality in Scotland. LGBT rights campaigner Peter Tatchell describes Northern Ireland as "the most homophobic place in western Europe".

[Wikipedia: Stephen Bercik] Stephen Joseph Bercik, J.S.C., J.D. (1921–2003) served as mayor of Elizabeth, New Jersey between 1956-1964. While mayor, his achievements included the modernization of the city charter, establishment of the Elizabeth Human Relations Committee, helping to develop Elizabeth seaport as a major shipping center, and meadowlands developments.

[Wikipedia: Wisconsin's 8th congressional district] Wisconsin's 8th congressional district is a congressional district of the United States House of Representatives in northeastern Wisconsin. The district includes Green Bay and Appleton. It is currently represented by Mike Gallagher, a Republican. Gallagher won the open seat vacated by Reid Ribble. It is also one of two Congressional Districts to ever elect a Catholic Priest, Robert John Cornell.

[Wikipedia: Tabu filmography] Indian actress Tabu, also credited as Tabbu, has appeared in Hindi, Telugu, English, Tamil, Malayalam and Bengali films. Tabu's first credited role came as a teenager in Dev Anand's "Hum Naujawan" (1985), and her first major role was in the Telugu film "Coolie No. 1" (1991). In 1994, she starred in two Hindi filmsthe romance "Pehla Pehla Pyar" and the action drama "Vijaypath"and received the Filmfare Award for Best Female Debut for the latter. After appearing in a series of poorly received films, including "Prem" and "Saajan Ki Baahon Mein" (both 1995), the year 1996 was key for Tabu. Her performance as a young woman affected by the Punjab insurgency in Gulzar's "Maachis" (1996) proved to be a breakthrough for her, and won her the National Film Award for Best Actress. Also that year, Tabu won the Filmfare Award for Best Actress – Telugu for the romance "Ninne Pelladata", and featured alongside Govinda and Karisma Kapoor in the commercially successful comedy film "Saajan Chale Sasural".

[Wikipedia: Heisman curse] The Heisman curse is a term coined to reference a two-part assertion of a negative future for the winning player of the Heisman Trophy. The "curse" supposes that any college football player who wins the Heisman plays on a team that will likely lose its subsequent bowl game. The trend of post-award failure has garnered the attention of the mainstream media. Talk of a curse in relation to bowl results was particularly prevalent from 2003 to 2008, when six Heisman Trophy winners compiled a cumulative 1–5 bowl game record, and five of those six led number one ranked teams into the Bowl Championship Series (BCS) National Championship Game as favorites (Heisman Trophy winners, including Reggie Bush, who gave back his Heisman Trophy, are 4–8 overall in the BCS National Championship Game and College Football Playoff National Championship, although prior to 2009 they were 1–6). Additionally, the Heisman curse asserts that in most cases a Heisman winner will have either a poor career in the National Football League (NFL), or in fact not even see such a football career at all. Although many Heisman winners have not enjoyed success at the professional level, including players like Matt Leinart, Andre Ware, Jason White, Rashaan Salaam, Eric Crouch, Ty Detmer, Troy Smith and Gino Torretta, proponents of the "curse" rarely cite highly successful players such as Barry Sanders, Charles Woodson, Eddie George, Tim Brown, Bo Jackson, Marcus Allen, Earl Campbell, and Tony Dorsett among the notables.

[Wikipedia: Amoroso (album)] Amoroso (] ), released in 1976, is an album that uses an orchestral arrangement to produce the Brazilian sound of bossa nova. The album features João Gilberto on vocals and guitar, backed by a large, but not overpowering, arrangement.

[Wikipedia: Words Are Not Enough/I Know Him So Well] "Words Are Not Enough"/"I Know Him So Well" is the fifteenth single from the British group Steps, and their fifth double A-side single. The former is a new song taken from the "" compilation, while "I Know Him So Well" appeared on the "Abbamania" compilation and later Steps' own "The Last Dance" collection. The song "Words Are Not Enough" was slightly edited for a more radio friendly sound for the single release. This was their last single to be released before their Boxing Day split later that same month. The B-side was Bittersweet, which member Lisa and then-fiancé Johnny wrote together.

[Wikipedia: New Hampshire Route 16] New Hampshire Route 16 is a 149.75 mi long north–south highway in New Hampshire. Much of its length is close to the border with Maine. The section from Portsmouth to Milton is a controlled-access toll highway known as the Spaulding Turnpike. Between the Portsmouth Circle and Dover Point, US 4 is also routed along the Turnpike. Its southern terminus of NH 16 is at the Portsmouth Traffic Circle, intersecting with Interstate 95 and the US 1 Bypass. The northern terminus is at the Maine state line near Wentworth's Location, where it continues as Maine State Route 16.

[Wikipedia: Mel Welles] Mel Welles (February 17, 1924 – August 19, 2005) was an American film actor and director. His best-remembered role may be that of hapless flower shop owner Gravis Mushnik in the 1960 low-budget Roger Corman dark comedy, "The Little Shop of Horrors".

[Wikipedia: History of the potato] The potato was first domesticated in the region of modern-day southern Peru and extreme northwestern Bolivia between 8000 and 5000 BC. It has since spread around the world and become a staple crop in many countries.

[Wikipedia: List of career achievements by Kobe Bryant] Kobe Bryant is an American retired shooting guard who played for the Los Angeles Lakers of the National Basketball Association (NBA) for his entire 20-year career. Bryant is the only son of former Philadelphia 76ers player and former Los Angeles Sparks head coach Joe Bryant. Selected 13th overall by the Charlotte Hornets in the 1996 NBA draft, Bryant was traded to the Los Angeles Lakers for Vlade Divac a month later. He and then-teammate Shaquille O'Neal led the Lakers to three consecutive NBA championships from 2000 to 2002. After O'Neal was traded to the Miami Heat following the 2003–04 season, Bryant became the cornerstone of the Lakers franchise. He led the NBA in scoring during the and seasons. In 2006, Bryant scored a career-high 81 points against the Toronto Raptors, the second-highest number of points scored in a game in NBA history, behind only Wilt Chamberlain's 100 point performance. Bryant was awarded the regular season's Most Valuable Player Award (MVP) in the 2007–08 season and led his team to the 2008 NBA Finals as the first seed in the Western Conference. In the 2008 Summer Olympics, he won a gold medal as a member of the U.S. men's basketball team, occasionally referred to as "The Redeem Team". He led the Lakers to two more championships in 2009 and 2010, winning the Finals MVP award on both occasions.

[Wikipedia: Boxer (dog)] The Boxer is a medium-sized, short-haired breed of dog, developed in Germany. The coat is smooth and tight-fitting; colours are fawn or brindled, with or without white markings, and white. Boxers are brachycephalic (they have broad, short skulls), have a square muzzle, mandibular prognathism (an underbite), very strong jaws, and a powerful bite ideal for hanging on to large prey. The Boxer was bred from the Old English Bulldog and the now extinct Bullenbeisser which became extinct by crossbreeding rather than by a decadence of the breed. The purpose of the crossbreeding was the wish to eliminate the excessive white color of the breed, and the necessity of producing thousands of dogs for one of the most popular breeds in the world. The Boxer is part of the Molosser group. This group is a category of solidly built, large dog breeds that all descend from the same common ancestor, the large shepherd dog known as a Molossus. The Boxer is a member of the Working Group.

[Wikipedia: Bob Ferris (Likely Lads)] Robert Andrew Scarborough "Bob" Ferris is a fictional character in British sitcoms "The Likely Lads", "Whatever Happened to the Likely Lads?" and "The Likely Lads" film played by Bingley born actor Rodney Bewes. He is single in "The Likely Lads", marries Thelma Chambers in "Whatever Happened to the Likely Lads?" and is still married to her in the film. He works as an electrician and later as a civil engineer. Bob is a long-term friend of Terry Collier.

[Wikipedia: John Ince (actor)] John Ince, also known as John E. Ince, (August 29, 1878 – April 10, 1947) was an American stage and motion pictures actor, a film director, and the eldest brother of Thomas H. Ince and Ralph Ince.

[Wikipedia: Tarka L'Herpiniere] Tarka Michel Bernard L'Herpiniere, born 19 September 1981, is a British explorer, ultra endurance athlete, motivational speaker and filmmaker who holds several endurance records.

[Wikipedia: Belgian Shepherd] The Belgian Shepherd (also known as the Belgian Sheepdog or Chien de Berger Belge) is a breed of medium-to-large-sized herding dog. It originated in Belgium and is similar to other sheep herding dogs from that region, including the Dutch Shepherd, the German Shepherd, the Briard, and others. Four types have been identified by various registries as separate breeds or varieties: Groenendael, Laekenois, Tervuren, and Malinois.

[Wikipedia: List of dirt track ovals in South Africa] Dirt track racing is a type of auto racing performed on oval tracks in South Africa. Dirt track racing classes are, as elsewhere, similar to those raced at the tar (asphalt) oval track racing venues. The dirt track classes include Hot Rods, 1600 Modified Saloons, Modified Non-contact Saloons, V8 American Saloons, and Midgets.

[Wikipedia: Peter Jackson] Sir Peter Robert Jackson {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (born 31 October 1961) is a New Zealand film director, screenwriter and film producer. He is best known as the director, writer, and producer of "The Lord of the Rings" trilogy (2001–03) and "The Hobbit" trilogy (2012–14), both of which are adapted from the novels of the same name by J. R. R. Tolkien. Other notable films include the critically lauded drama "Heavenly Creatures" (1994), the mockumentary "Forgotten Silver" (1995), the horror comedy "The Frighteners" (1996), the epic monster remake film "King Kong" (2005), and the supernatural drama film "The Lovely Bones" (2009). He also produced "District 9" (2009), "The Adventures of Tintin: The Secret of the Unicorn" (2011), and the documentary "West of Memphis" (2012).

[Wikipedia: Annapolis Junction, Maryland] Annapolis Junction is an unincorporated community in Howard County and Anne Arundel County, Maryland, United States.

[Wikipedia: Tom Hanks] Thomas Jeffrey Hanks (born July 9, 1956) is an American actor and filmmaker. He is known for his various comedic and dramatic film roles, including "Splash" (1984), "Big" (1988), "Turner & Hooch" (1989), "A League of Their Own" (1992), "Sleepless in Seattle" (1993), "Philadelphia" (1993), "Forrest Gump" (1994), "Apollo 13" (1995), "Saving Private Ryan" (1998), "You've Got Mail" (1998), "The Green Mile" (1999), "Cast Away" (2000), "Road to Perdition" (2002), and "The Da Vinci Code" (2006), as well as for his voice work in the animated films "The Polar Express" (2004) and the "Toy Story" series.

[Wikipedia: 2016–17 Los Angeles Lakers season] The 2016–17 Los Angeles Lakers season was the franchise's 69th season, its 68th season in the National Basketball Association (NBA), and its 57th in Los Angeles. It was also the first season without Kobe Bryant since the 1995–96 season. It would also be the season where after multiple opportunities to improve upon themselves came and went, the Lakers decided to replace Jim Buss and Mitch Kupchak with former Lakers legend Magic Johnson and former sports agent Rob Pelinka on February 21, 2017 as both president of basketball operations and general manager respectively. Furthermore, it was the season where Jeanie Buss would officially be named the primary owner of the Lakers on March 27.

[Wikipedia: WhatsOn] WhatsOn is an international media network founded by self-proclaimed 'King of Codswallop' Sam Alim in 1994. Contrary to claims from Alim, American linguist and philosopher, Noam Chomsky has stated 'I do not know this man.' WhatsOn produces print magazines and guides with a meandering focus on multiculturalism and the student lifestyle. Their main offices are in Birmingham, New York City & Bangladesh. It publishes five guides throughout the year, The Student Guide, Music & Fashion Guide, The Pink Guide, The Gap Travel Guide & The Festival Guide, in addition to monthly magazines that are handed out free across the UK, USA & Bangladesh. WhatsOn is a fair trade company.

[Wikipedia: Shape (magazine)] Shape is a monthly English language fitness magazine started by Weider Publications in 1981, founded by Christine MacIntyre (a pioneer in women's free weight fitness) and became the number one women's fitness magazine. At that time, Weider Enterprises consisted primarily of the bodybuilding magazine "Muscle & Fitness". Joe Weider and Christine MacIntyre had differing views of how to present "Shape", Weider endorsing a less journalistic and more commercial approach to articles, MacIntyre endorsing a more academic, doctor-based magazine. Weider also endorsed a sexier approach to editorial while MacIntyre endorsed a healthier look for women, eschewing sexiness in the models and the copy. MacIntyre largely won that battle, editing a magazine that required that every byline have an advanced medical degree, that cover models should look healthy rather than sexy, and that sexist language be avoided. Christine MacIntyre was the editor-in-chief until her death in 1988. Tara Kraft is the current editor-in-chief. "Shape" found a readership based on that formula.

[Wikipedia: Elizabeth Ferris] Elizabeth Anne Esther "Liz" Ferris (19 November 1940 – 12 April 2012) was a British diver. She won a bronze medal in the 3 m springboard event at the 1960 Summer Olympics. She was a founder of the World Olympians Association.

[Wikipedia: Flip Animation Festival] FLIP is an animation festival primarily hosted by the Light House Media Centre in Wolverhampton, UK. It is one of two festivals hosted by Light House, the other of which is Deaffest. Official literature for the festival says that FLIP occurs annually at the beginning of November and attracts submissions from more than 30 countries world wide. As well as screening the selected open submissions, FLIP also consists of special screenings, talks from professionals within the animation world, workshops, industry panels, portfolio reviews and competitions. The festival was set up, managed and programmed by Peter McLuskie between 2004 and 2011. It grew out of the 'Animation Forum', also based at Light House and which was later rebranded as Animation Forum West Midlands and found a home at Birmingham City University. In 2009 the festival was awarded a Black Country Tourism Award for Event of the Year.

[Wikipedia: Creedence Clearwater Revisited] Creedence Clearwater Revisited is an American rock band formed in 1995 by two former members of Creedence Clearwater Revival – a much more well-known band with a very similar name. It is known for playing the music that was originally made famous by Creedence Clearwater Revival. The two common band members are Stu Cook (bass) and Doug "Cosmo" Clifford (drums).

[Wikipedia: Hill Air Force Base] Hill Air Force Base (IATA: HIF, ICAO: KHIF, FAA LID: HIF) is a major U.S. Air Force base located in northern Utah, just south of the city of Ogden, and near the towns of Clearfield, Riverdale, Roy, Sunset, and Layton. It is about 30 mi north of Salt Lake City. The base was named in honor of Major Ployer Peter Hill of the U.S. Army Air Corps, who died test-flying a prototype of the B-17 Flying Fortress bomber. In this decade Hill AFB is still the sixth-largest employer in the state of Utah, and the third-largest one excluding the State Government and Higher Education employers.

[Wikipedia: Rave] A rave (from the verb: "to rave") is a large dance party at a nightclub, dance club or festival featuring performances by DJs, who select and mix a seamless flow of loud electronic dance music songs and tracks. DJs at rave events play electronic dance music on vinyl, CDs and digital audio from a wide range of genres, including acid house, acid trance, hardcore, breakbeat, UK garage, and free tekno. Occasionally live performers playing synthesizer or other electronic instruments will play electronic music. The music is amplified with a large, powerful sound reinforcement system, typically with huge subwoofers to produce a deep bass sound. The music is often accompanied by laser light shows, projected coloured images, visual effects and fog machines. The word "rave" was first used in the late 1980s to describe the culture that started at many Midlands Universities including: Wolverhampton, Coventry and De Montfort University movement.

[Wikipedia: Jeff Ragsdale] Jeffrey Charles "Jeff" Ragsdale ( ) is an American author, documentary filmmaker, actor and stand-up comedian. In 2011 he posted a flyer in New York City as a "social experiment", stating his phone number and asking people to call him, describing himself as "Jeff, one lonely guy". He was overwhelmed with thousands of calls after photos of the flyer were posted on the internet. The experience led to his 2012 book "Jeff, One Lonely Guy", and indirectly to a 2013 pilot episode for a reality television show, "Being Noticed", and a starring role in the 2014 documentary "Hotline".

[Wikipedia: Renaud I, Count of Dammartin] Renaud de Dammartin (Reginald of Boulogne) (c. 1165 – 1227) was Count of Boulogne from 1190, Count of Dammartin from 1200 to 1214 and Count of Aumale from 1204 to 1214. He was son of Alberic II of Dammartin, and Mathilde of Clermont.

[Wikipedia: The End of the Affair] The End of the Affair (1951) is a novel by British author Graham Greene, as well as the title of two feature films (released in 1955 and 1999) that were adapted from the novel.

[Wikipedia: Forman Christian College] Forman Christian College is a independent research liberal arts university located in Lahore, Punjab, Pakistan founded in 1864. The university is administered by the Presbyterian Church and follows an American-style curriculum.

[Wikipedia: See the USA in Your Chevrolet] The song "See The U.S.A. In Your Chevrolet" (title as filed for 1950 copyright) is a commercial jingle from c. 1949, with lyrics and music by Leo Corday (ASCAP) and Leon Carr (ASCAP), written for the Chevrolet Division of General Motors. The song was the Chevrolet jingle sung on the show "Inside U.S.A. with Chevrolet" by Chevrolet's real-life husband-wife duo, Peter Lind Hayes and Mary Healy, years before it became associated with Dinah Shore through Chevrolet's decade-long sponsorship of her television shows. Dinah Shore sang the song after 1952, and it became something of a signature song for her. Later the song was also sung by male spokesman Pat Boone on his "Pat Boone-Chevy Showroom" (ABC) from 1957 through 1960. When the games of the Los Angeles Dodgers were televised in the 1960s, commercials were aired with the song sung by John Roseboro and Don Drysdale, whose singing careers, announcer Vin Scully said, were "destined to go absolutely nowhere."

[Wikipedia: Pizza Pizza] Pizza Pizza Ltd. is a franchised Canadian pizza fast-food restaurant, with its headquarters in Etobicoke, Toronto. Its restaurants are mainly in the province of Ontario. Other locations operate in Quebec, Nova Scotia, and in western Canada. Franchises in western Canada are mostly run through Alberta-based subsidiary Pizza 73, and in non-traditional locations such as university campuses and movie theatres throughout Canada. It has over 500 locations, including over 150 non-traditional locations.

[Wikipedia: Archibald Gowanlock Huntsman] Archibald Gowanlock Huntsman (November 23, 1883 – August 8, 1973) was a Canadian academic, oceanographer, and fisheries biologist. He is best known for his research on Atlantic salmon and inventing the fast freezing of fish fillets in 1929.

[Wikipedia: Sarajevo] Sarajevo (Cyrillic: Сарајево , ] , ) is the capital and largest city of Bosnia and Herzegovina, with a population of 275,524 in its current administrative limits. The Sarajevo metropolitan area, including Sarajevo Canton and East Sarajevo is home to 643,016 inhabitants. Nestled within the greater Sarajevo valley of Bosnia, it is surrounded by the Dinaric Alps and situated along the Miljacka River in the heart of Southeastern Europe and the Balkans.

[Wikipedia: 2010 St. Louis Rams season] The 2010 St. Louis Rams season was their 73rd season for the franchise, and their 16th overall in St. Louis. St. Louis greatly improved on their near winless record of 1–15 from the 2009 season by achieving more total victories, with a record of 7–9, than in their previous 3 years. Since the start of the 2007 NFL season, the Rams had won just 6 combined games, and have not qualified for the playoffs since 2004. In the 2010 NFL Draft, the Rams had the number 1 overall pick, which they picked Sam Bradford from Oklahoma. This year marked their second season under head coach Steve Spagnuolo. The Rams played all of their home games at the Edward Jones Dome, in St. Louis, Missouri.

[Wikipedia: I Got You Babe] "I Got You Babe" is a song written by Sonny Bono. It was the first single taken from the debut studio album "Look at Us", of the American pop music duo Sonny & Cher. In August 1965, their single spent three weeks at number 1 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 in the United States where it sold more than 1 million copies and was certified Gold. It also reached number 1 in the United Kingdom and Canada. In 1985, a cover version of "I Got You Babe" by British reggae/pop band UB40 featuring American singer Chrissie Hynde, peaked at number one in the UK Singles Chart and reached number 28 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 chart. A 1993 version by Cher with Beavis and Butt-Head bubbled under the Hot 100 chart.

[Wikipedia: Cindy Crawford] Cynthia Ann "Cindy" Crawford (born February 20, 1966) is an American model and actress. Her years of success at modeling made her an international celebrity that has led to roles in television and film, and to work as a spokesperson. In 1995, "Forbes" magazine named her the highest paid model on the planet. One of the original five supermodels, she is known for her trademark mole just above her lip, and has appeared on hundreds of magazine covers throughout her career.

[Wikipedia: Loyola-Notre Dame, Baltimore] Loyola-Notre Dame is a neighborhood located in Baltimore, Maryland. The neighborhood is named after the two universities that occupy most of the area: Notre Dame of Maryland University and Loyola University Maryland. The neighborhood is also home to the Evergreen House owned by Johns Hopkins University. The neighborhood covers all the area owned by the two universities and Evergreen House. The neighborhood does not cover a uniform area, but does have a relative definition. The northern boundary is Homeland Avenue. The eastern boundary varies among Millbrook Road, Underwood Road and other small streets. The Radnor Village, Thomas Aquinas Hall, and Loyola Public system are also included in the neighborhood despite being separated from the rest of the Loyola campus by the Radnor-Winston and Villages of Homeland neighborhoods. The southern border is Cold Spring Lane and the western border is primarily North Charles Street. Loyola extends via a pedestrian bridge over North Charles Street along Cold Spring Lane to Stony Run stream. The Loyola Fitness and Aquatics center is also across North Charles Street. The neighborhood is unique in having a very small permanent population, but housing over 4,000 students.

[Wikipedia: 1973 Queen's Club Championships] The 1973 Queen's Club Championships was a tennis tournament played on grass courts at the Queen's Club in London in the United Kingdom. The men's tournament was part of the 1973 Commercial Union Assurance Grand Prix circuit while the women's event was part of the 1973 Women's Grand Prix tour. It was the 74th edition of the tournament and was held from June 17 through June 23, 1973. Ilie Năstase and Olga Morozova won the singles titles.

[Wikipedia: Lake Hancock] Lake Hancock is a lake located north of Bartow, Florida in Polk County, Florida. Lake Hancock is located in the Polk Upland area between the Winter Haven Ridge and Lakeland Ridge. As part of the upper Peace River watershed, the lake has ecological importance throughout southwest Florida according to the Southwest Florida Water Management District. Lake Hancock is shallow with an average depth of four feet and a maximum depth of 16 ft . At 4573 acre , the lake is one of the largest lakes in Polk County, Florida; the center of the cities of Bartow, Lakeland, and Winter Haven roughly form an equilateral triangle with sides of 12 mi and Lake Hancock forms over 25% of that triangle. The first settlements in the area occurred in 1849 when small farms were established in the area as a result of migration from a hurricane in the Tampa Bay area.

[Wikipedia: Tim Bedore] Tim Bedore (born c. 1957) is an American comedian born in Chicago, IL. His parents moved to Stevens Point, Wisconsin when he was a child. He attended Pacelli High School (Wisconsin) in Stevens Point and the Appleton High School-West, where he graduated.

[Wikipedia: Merck &amp; Co.] Merck & Co., Inc. (), d.b.a. Merck Sharp & Dohme (MSD) outside the United States and Canada, is an American pharmaceutical company and one of the largest pharmaceutical companies in the world.

[Wikipedia: Russkiy Toy] The Russian Toy (also known as the Russian Toy Terrier, and in Russia as the Russkiy Toy, Toychik,Russian: Русский той, Тойчик ) is a very small breed of dog originally bred in Russia from the English Toy Terrier which is known today as the Manchester Terrier. There are two types of coats in the breed: smooth coat and long coat. The smooth-coated variety was previously known as the Russian Toy Terrier and long-coated as the Moscow Long Haired Toy Terrier. Both were brought together under the same Russian Toy Terrier name in 1988 and the "Terrier" was dropped from the name when the breed was added in 2006 to the official list of breeds registered with the Fédération Cynologique Internationale and has been registered in the Foundation Stock Service of the American Kennel Club since 2008, allowed to compete in AKC companion events since 2010. The first official breed standard of the two varieties was written in 1966 in Russia.

[Wikipedia: Kaadu (1952 film)] Kaadu or The Jungle is a 1952 Indian-American science fiction film directed by William Berke. Mr. T. R. Sundaram (The Modern Theatres Ltd) & William Berke Production. It stars Rod Cameron, Cesar Romero, Marie Windsor and M.N. Nambiar in lead roles. The film was the first science fiction film in India. "Kaadu" was released on 1 August 1952.

[Wikipedia: Stephen A. Smith] Stephen Anthony Smith (born October 14, 1967) is an American sports television personality, sports radio host, sports journalist, and actor. Smith is a commentator on "ESPN First Take", where he appears with Max Kellerman and Molly Qerim. He also makes frequent appearances as an NBA analyst on SportsCenter. He also is an NBA analyst for ESPN on "NBA Countdown" and NBA broadcasts on ESPN. Smith formerly hosted "The Stephen A. Smith and Ryan Ruocco Show" on ESPN Radio New York 98.7 FM He now hosts "The Stephen A. Smith Show" on the Chris Russo sports radio station: Mad Dog Sports Radio SiriusXM Radio, channel 82, and is a featured columnist for ESPNNY.com, ESPN.com, and The Philadelphia Inquirer.

[Wikipedia: Bon Cop, Bad Cop 2] Bon Cop, Bad Cop 2 is a Canadian comedy film that was released in May 2017. A sequel to the 2006 film "Bon Cop, Bad Cop", it stars Colm Feore and Patrick Huard in a reprisal of their original roles.

[Wikipedia: Timeless (Jim Ankan Deka album)] Timeless is a multilingual album by Assamese musician Jim Ankan Deka. The album was recorded in 2012. The CD contains seven tracks while the digital version has only five tracks. The album is a tribute to Indian music maestros Dr. Bhupen Hazarika and Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan, writer Bhabananda Deka and the National anthem of India.

[Wikipedia: List of Toronto Blue Jays minor league affiliates] The Toronto Blue Jays farm system consists of eight Minor League Baseball affiliates across the United States and in Canada and the Dominican Republic. Five teams are independently owned, while three—the Dunedin Blue Jays, Gulf Coast League Blue Jays and Dominican Summer League Blue Jays—are owned by the major league club.

[Wikipedia: Dan Balan] Dan Balan (born 6 February 1979 in Chișinău) is a Moldovan musician, singer, songwriter and record producer. He is the first and only Moldovan musician to be nominated for a Grammy as co-writer of Rihanna and T.I.'s "Live Your Life". He is the founder of European band O-Zone, and wrote and produced their international hit single "Dragostea Din Tei", which topped the charts in over 30 countries and sold over 12 million copies worldwide. He is also the songwriter and performer of European hit-singles "Chica Bomb", "Justify Sex" and "Freedom".

[Wikipedia: Eastern Pennsylvania Collegiate Basketball League] The Eastern Pennsylvania Collegiate Basketball League (EPCBL), also known as the Eastern Pennsylvania Conference (EPC) and Eastern Pennsylvania Collegiate League, was a collegiate basketball league that began in 1931–32 season.

[Wikipedia: Bobby Arora] Bobby Arora (born January 1972) is a British billionaire businessman, trading director of the retail chain B & M.

[Wikipedia: 2013 Robert Morris Colonials football team] The 2013 Robert Morris Colonials football team represented Robert Morris University in the 2013 NCAA Division I FCS football season. They were led by 20th-year head coach Joe Walton and played their home games at Joe Walton Stadium. They were a member of the Northeast Conference. They finished the season 5–6, 3–3 in NEC play to finish in a three way tie for third place. Head coach Joe Walton retired at the end of the season.

[Wikipedia: Cowon D2] The Cowon D2 was a portable media player designed and marketed by Cowon Systems, Inc. The D2, released on December 5, 2006, was Cowon's first portable media player using a touchscreen as the main means of navigation. It has since been discontinued.

[Wikipedia: Christopher Blauvelt] Christopher Blauvelt is an American cinematographer, and a third generation film craftsman. Blauvelt started his career in the camera and electrical department under cinematographers Harris Savides, Christopher Doyle and Lance Acord. Despite striking out on his own, he continued to work with cinematographer and mentor Harris Savides until his sudden death from brain cancer. Chris's continued work with Kelly Reichardt has garnered him an ICP Nomination in 2010 for his masterful work on "Meek's Cutoff" and best cinematography at the Valladolid International Film Festival for "Night Moves". Chris' current film with Kelly Reichardt will debut in Fall of 2016. Chris shot Jeff Preiss directorial debut "Low Down" for producers Albert Berger and Ron Yerxa, which won the Dramatic Cinematography award at the 2014 Sundance Film Festival. Most recently he shot "Indignation" for director James Schamus.

[Wikipedia: Gene Methvin] Eugene Hilburn "Gene" Methvin (September 19, 1934 – January 19, 2012) was an American pilot, journalist, and senior editor for the "Reader's Digest" Washington, D.C., bureau. A self-described "shoe leather reporter," Methvin contributed more than 100 articles to "Reader's Digest" and its 48 editions, reaching more than 100 million readers worldwide. His articles covered topics ranging from the U.S. Supreme Court, civil liberties and constitutional law, to U.S. defense posture, Kremlin politics, U.S.-Soviet relations, organized crime and international terrorist groups. An article by Methvin in the January 1965 "Reader's Digest", "How the Reds Make a Riot," won the magazine the coveted award for public service in magazine journalism given annually by the Society for Professional Journalists.

[Wikipedia: List of Cineplex Entertainment movie theatres] This is a list of Canadian movie theatres operated by Cineplex Entertainment, under the Galaxy, Cineplex Odeon, SilverCity, Cinema City, Famous Players, Colossus, Scotiabank Theatre, Cineplex Cinemas and Cineplex VIP Cinemas brandings.

[Wikipedia: Write strategy] In DVD authoring, a write strategy is a set of low-level parameters that enables an optical disc drive to write on a specific type of blank media according to its optimum specifications. The media type is identified by the manufacturer and media ID, which is often unrelated to the brand of the media due to rebadging. Write strategies are essential for compatibility with various types of blank media, and are typically stored in the drive's firmware. If a drive lacks a write strategy for a media type, it will only be able to write using minimum speed. Drive manufacturers typically include new or improved write strategies as part of a firmware upgrade, in order to extend or improve compatibility with blank media. In cases where official support for a drive has been discontinued or is deemed unsatisfactory, users have come up with ways to patch the write strategies by modding the drive's firmware.

[Wikipedia: Bob Johnson (footballer, born 1905)] Robert James "Bob" Johnson (27 March 1905 – 1987) was an English footballer who scored 15 goals from 39 appearances in the Football League playing as a centre forward or outside right for Southport and Darlington. He also played in Ireland for Derry City, was on the books of Barnsley, without playing for them in the League, and played non-league football for clubs including Ushaw Moor, Moor Ends Thorne, Firbeck Colliery, Spennymoor United, Thorne Colliery, Eden Colliery and Walker Celtic.

[Wikipedia: Too Many Women (novel)] Too Many Women is a Nero Wolfe detective novel by Rex Stout, published in 1947 by the Viking Press. The novel was also collected in the omnibus volume "All Aces" (Viking 1958).

[Wikipedia: Ada Foah] Ada Foah or Ada is a coastal town in the Greater Accra Region of Ghana. Just off the Accra-Aflao motorway, this town is located along the Volta River. It's also the capital of the Dangme East District and the seat of the District Assembly.

[Wikipedia: John Martin Mack] John Martin Mack (b. in Württemberg, Germany, 13 April 1715; d. Saint Thomas, 9 June 1784) was a Moravian bishop. He came to the United States in 1735, and joined the Moravian colony in the province of Georgia. Thence he went to Pennsylvania, and assisted at the founding of Bethlehem. Soon afterward he was appointed missionary among the Indians, and labored with great success for twenty years in New York, Pennsylvania, and New England. Both in New York and New England the Moravians were accused of being spies of the French, and in consequence their missionaries were made to suffer. Mack was arrested and imprisoned at Milford, Connecticut, and banished from the province of New York. But such persecutions speedily came to an end when, in 1749, the parliament of Great Britain acknowledged the Moravians to be an ancient episcopal church, and invited them to settle in this country. Meanwhile Mack had founded Gnadenhütten, a nourishing Christian Indian settlement in the Lehigh Valley, Pennsylvania. At a later time he founded Nain, another Christian Indian town, near Bethlehem. He was in the full tide of successful work when he was unexpectedly called to the West Indies as superintendent of the missions in the Danish islands. Although it cost him a hard struggle to give up his labors among the aborigines and leave America, he accepted the call, and for twenty-two years devoted himself to the interests of the slaves in Saint Croix, Saint John, and Saint Thomas, where he resided. In 1770 he visited Bethlehem, where he was consecrated to the episcopacy on 18 Oct. On returning to the West Indies he continued his work, and in the midst of that war between England and France that grew out of the American Revolution he visited all the missions on the British islands, and twice narrowly escaped capture.

[Wikipedia: Hugh Jackman] Hugh Michael Jackman (born 12 October 1968) is an Australian actor, singer, and producer. Jackman has won international recognition for his roles in a variety of film genres. He is known for his long-running role as Wolverine in the "X-Men" film series, as well as for his lead roles in films such as the romantic-comedy fantasy "Kate & Leopold" (2001), the action-horror film "Van Helsing" (2004), the magic-themed drama "The Prestige" (2006), the epic fantasy drama "The Fountain" (2006), the epic historical romantic drama "Australia" (2008), the film version of "Les Misérables" (2012), and the thriller "Prisoners" (2013). His work in "Les Misérables" earned him his first Academy Award nomination for Best Actor and his first Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Motion Picture Musical or Comedy in 2013.

[Wikipedia: Piano, solo] Piano, solo is a 2007 Italian drama film directed by Riccardo Milani. It is based on the book by Walter Veltroni "Il disco del mondo - Vita breve di Luca Flores, musicista" and it depicts real life events of jazz pianist and composer Luca Flores ().

[Wikipedia: Riaz ur Rehman Saghar] Riaz-Ur-Rehman Saghar (Urdu: ریاض الرحمٰن ساغر‎ , born 1 December 1941, Bathinda, Punjab, British India; died 2 June 2013, at Lahore, Pakistan) was a poet and a film song lyricist active in Pakistani cinema. He had been awarded numerous awards in recognition of his services to the Pakistani film industry. He is credited with having written over 25000 songs in his lifetime, including many for noted Pakistani singers such as Hadiqa Kiani ("Dupatta Mera Malmal Da" [دوپٹہ میرا ململ دا], "Yaad Sajan Di Ayi" [یاد سجن دی آوے]) and a duet song with Asha Bhosle and Adnan Sami Khan ("Kabhi to Nazar Milao" [کبھی تو نظر ملاؤ]). Saghar also wrote prose and film dialogue in some of the films.

[Wikipedia: The White Ship (1941 film)] The White Ship (Italian:La nave bianca) is a 1941 Italian war film directed by Roberto Rossellini. Its cast was made up entirely of amateur actors, many of them the real crew of a hospital ship of the Italian navy. The production was a work of propaganda intended to support the war aims of the Fascist Italian regime during the Second World War. It was made with the close co-operation of the Italian Navy, particularly Francesco De Robertis. Vittorio Mussolini, the son of the Italian dictator, was also a supporter of the project.

[Wikipedia: Nobuteru Yūki] Nobuteru Yūki (結城 信輝 , Yūki Nobuteru , born December 24, 1962, Tokyo) is a Japanese manga artist, illustrator, and animator. He began as a doujinshi artist under the nom de plume The Man in the High Castle (高い城の男 "Takai Shiro no Otoko") and Ubik (ユービック "Yūbikku"), both references to the works of American science fiction author Philip K. Dick. He has designed characters for manga, anime and video games, and has frequently collaborated with director Kazuki Akane, including on his most famous work, "The Vision of Escaflowne".

[Wikipedia: IFC (U.S. TV channel)] Independent Film Channel (IFC) is an American cable and satellite television channel that is owned by AMC Networks. Programming on the channel includes both original and acquired series, and fan favorite films.

[Wikipedia: DeKalb Avenue (BMT Canarsie Line)] DeKalb Avenue is a station on the BMT Canarsie Line of the New York City Subway. Located at the intersection of Wyckoff and DeKalb Avenues in Bushwick, Brooklyn, it is served by the L train at all times.

[Wikipedia: Daniel Hall (disambiguation)] Daniel Hall is fictional character in the "Sandman" comics

[Wikipedia: Picture to Burn] "Picture to Burn" is a song recorded by American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift. It was co-written by Swift and Liz Rose, and produced by Nathan Chapman. It was released on February 3, 2008 by Big Machine Records as the fourth single from Swift's eponymous studio album, "Taylor Swift" (2006). It was inspired by the narcissistic and cocky nature of her former high school classmate and ex-boyfriend Jordan Alford with whom Swift never established a formal relationship. In retrospect, Swift has stated that she has evolved on a personal level and as a songwriter, claiming she processed emotions differently since "Picture to Burn". The song was chosen as a single based on the audience's reaction to it in concert. Musically, the track is of the country rock genre with prominent usage of guitar, banjo, and drums. The lyrics concern setting fire to photographs of a former boyfriend.

[Wikipedia: Burn Burn Burn] Burn Burn Burn is a 2015 British black comedy film, the directorial debut of Chanya Button. The film is a coming-of-age tale, inspired by the Jack Kerouac novel "On the Road" published in 1957. The fictional plot follows the story of two girls, Seph (Laura Carmichael) and Alex (Chloe Pirrie), taking a road trip to follow the instructions of their close friend Dan, who has died and given them instructions where to scatter his ashes. The ashes (stored in tupperware in the glove compartment) keep diminishing in quantity as the trip progresses. The film had its World premiere at the BFI London Film Festival 2015.

[Wikipedia: Universal Soldier (franchise)] The Universal Soldier franchise is a series of science fiction action films. The franchise began in 1992 with "Universal Soldier" and as of 2012 comprises six entries (some of which are now considered non-canon). The films centered on the character of Luc Deveraux (played first by Jean-Claude Van Damme and then by Matt Battaglia) until "", which focuses on a new protagonist named John (played by Scott Adkins).

[Wikipedia: Jump into Hell] Jump into Hell is a 1955 war film directed by David Butler. The film stars Jacques Sernas (billed as "Jack Sernas") and Kurt Kasznar. The first contemporary Hollywood war film of the war in Indochina, the story is a fictionalized account of the Battle of Dien Bien Phu.

[Wikipedia: Geetanjali (actress)] Geetanjali is a Telugu actress who acted in Telugu, Tamil, Malayalam and Hindi films for several decades. She is famous for her roles in Illalu, Sitarama Kalyanam with NTR, Adurti Subba Rao's Dr. Chakravarty, Muralikrishna, Abbayigaru Ammayigaru, Kaalam Marindi and Sambarala Rambabu. She is also a member of Nandi Award committee.

[Wikipedia: Operation Roast] Operation Roast was a military operation undertaken by British Commandos, at Comacchio lagoon in north-east Italy, during the Spring 1945 offensive in Italy, part of the Italian Campaign, during the final stages of Second World War.

[Wikipedia: Black Taj Mahal] The Black Taj Mahal ("Black Taj", "Kaala Taj", also "the 2nd Taj") is a legendary black marble mausoleum that is said to have been planned to be built across the Yamuna River opposite the Taj Mahal in Agra, Uttar Pradesh, India. Mughal emperor Shah Jahan is said to have desired a mausoleum for himself similar to that of the one he had built in memory of his third wife, Mumtaz Mahal.

[Wikipedia: Kreuzlingen Abbey] Kreuzlingen Abbey (Stift Kreuzlingen or Kloster Kreuzlingen), in Kreuzlingen in Switzerland, on the border with Germany, was founded in about 1125 by Ulrich I of Dillingen, Bishop of Constance, as a house of Augustinian Canons. In 1848 the government of the Canton of Thurgau dissolved the monastery and took over its property. The former abbey church of Saint Ulrich and Saint Afra, decorated in the Baroque style, is noteworthy.

[Wikipedia: Count Zero] Count Zero is a science fiction novel by American-Canadian writer William Gibson, originally published in 1986. It is the second volume of the Sprawl trilogy, which begins with "Neuromancer" and concludes with "Mona Lisa Overdrive", and is an example of the cyberpunk subgenre.

[Wikipedia: City FC] City FC or just City is usually used as short-hand to refer to one of Manchester City F.C., New York City FC or Melbourne City FC, which are all association football clubs owned by the City Football Group, an organisation which bases it's identity around the cognomen "City".

[Wikipedia: Rotten Apples] Rotten Apples (The Smashing Pumpkins - Greatest Hits as titled on the album's cover) is a greatest hits compilation album by alternative rock band The Smashing Pumpkins. In the US, it was released in 2001 along with a bonus disc titled "Judas O". The album's concluding track, "Untitled", was the Pumpkins' final recording before their breakup. Completed in the days leading up to the band's farewell concert at the Metro in Chicago, it was also released as a single. Another notable track is "Real Love"; while previously released on "Machina II/The Friends & Enemies of Modern Music", this was taken from the factory master tapes and, as a result, lacks the pops and clicks inherent in all copies of "Machina II" (which is vinyl sourced).

[Wikipedia: 2009 Diamond Head Classic] The 2009 Diamond Head Classic was a mid-season eight-team college basketball tournament played on December 22 , 23, and 25 at the Stan Sheriff Center in Honolulu, Hawaii. It was the first annual Diamond Head Classic tournament and was part of the 2009–10 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. USC defeated No. 20-ranked UNLV to win the tournament championship. Mike Gerrity was named the tournament's MVP.

[Wikipedia: Terrytoons] Terrytoons was a studio in New Rochelle, New York, that produced animated cartoons for theatrical release from 1930 - 1971. Terrytoons was founded by Paul Terry and operated out of the "K" Building in downtown New Rochelle. The studio created many cartoon characters including Heckle and Jeckle, Mighty Mouse, Gandy Goose, Sourpuss, Dinky Duck and Luno. The "New Terrytoons" period of the late 1950s through early 1970s produced such characters as Deputy Dawg, Hector Heathcote, Hashimoto, Sidney the Elephant, Possible Possum, James Hound, Astronut, Sad Cat and The Mighty Heroes. Adult animation pioneer Ralph Bakshi got his start as an animator, and eventually as a director, at Terrytoons. Terrytoons were originally released to theaters by 20th Century Fox. The Terrytoons library was later purchased by the CBS Corporation.

[Wikipedia: Holiday in Havana] Holiday in Havana is a 1949 American Columbia Pictures musical comedy directed by Jean Yarbrough, and starring Desi Arnaz, Mary Hatcher and Ann Doran. The film is about a Cuban hotel busboy (Arnaz) who dreams of becoming a composer. According to author Mary Beltrán, in his portrayal of Carlos Estrada, Arnaz "established a successful negotiation of tensions inherent in playing a Latin romantic lead in this period, a negotiation that set the stage for what would make Ricky Ricardo so popular with American viewers. His music, with songs such as "Holiday in Havana" and the "Arnaz Jam" featured in the film.

[Wikipedia: Cordoba Treasure] The Cordoba Treasure, or "Tesoro de Córdoba" in Spanish, is the name of a major Iron Age silver hoard found on the outskirts of the city of Córdoba, Spain in 1915. The entire treasure was purchased by the British Museum in 1932, where it has been on public display ever since.

[Wikipedia: List of Pawn Stars episodes] "Pawn Stars" is an American reality television series that premiered on History on July 19, 2009. The series is filmed in Las Vegas, Nevada, where it chronicles the activities at the World Famous Gold & Silver Pawn Shop, a 24-hour family business operated by patriarch Richard "Old Man" Harrison, his son Rick Harrison, Rick's son Corey "Big Hoss" Harrison, and Corey's childhood friend, Austin "Chumlee" Russell.

[Wikipedia: Amanda Lepore] Amanda Lepore (born November 21, 1967) is an American transgender model, celebutante, singer, and performance artist. The former Club Kid has appeared in advertising for numerous companies. Lepore is also noted as a regular subject in photographer David LaChapelle's work, serving as his muse, as well as many other photographers, such as Terry Richardson and . She participated in LaChapelle's "Artists and Prostitutes 1985–2005" exhibit in New York City, where she "lived" in a voyeuristic life-sized set. Lepore has also released several singles, many written by and/or recorded with Cazwell. In 2011, she released her debut studio album, "I...Amanda Lepore", on Peace Bisquit.

[Wikipedia: Never Let Her Go] Never Let Her Go is the second solo album by David Gates of Bread.

[Wikipedia: Carolyn Bessette-Kennedy] Carolyn Jeanne Kennedy (January 7, 1966July 16, 1999) was a publicist for Calvin Klein and the wife of John F. Kennedy Jr., the son of President John F. Kennedy and Jacqueline Onassis. Upon her marriage, Kennedy's relationship with her husband and her fashion sense became the subject of intense media scrutiny, drawing comparisons to her mother-in-law.

[Wikipedia: 1959 Connecticut Huskies baseball team] The 1959 Connecticut Huskies baseball team represented the University of Connecticut in the 1959 NCAA University Division baseball season. The Huskies were led by J. O. Christian in his 24th year as head coach, and played as part of the Yankee Conference. Connecticut posted a 20–3 record, earned the Yankee Conference championship with a 10–0 regular season to claim the automatic bid to the 1959 NCAA University Division Baseball Tournament. They were an automatic selection to the 1959 College World Series for District 1, their second appearance in the ultimate college baseball event. The Huskies lost their first game against <a href="">Penn State

[Wikipedia: Maxillaria] Maxillaria, abbreviated as Max in the horticultural trade, is a large genus of orchids (family Orchidaceae). This is a diverse genus, with very different morphological forms. Their characteristics can vary widely.

[Wikipedia: David Stenstrom] David Lee Stenstrom (a.k.a. David Stentstrom) (born November 10, 1953) is an American actor. He has appeared in various shows, the best known of those roles perhaps being his work with Saban, which includes being the voice of King Mondo in "Power Rangers Zeo" and Hal Stewart in "Masked Rider". Stenstrom has also made guest appearances on many television shows throughout his career, including "General Hospital", "Doogie Howser, M.D.", "Full House" and "Murder, She Wrote". He was also known for his role as Waldo the inventor on the Nickelodeon show, "Out of Control".

[Wikipedia: Inglis Barracks bombing] The Inglis Barracks bombing was a bomb attack carried out by the Provisional Irish Republican Army (PIRA) on 1 August 1988 on a British Army barracks called Inglis Barracks in Mill Hill, London. The attack killed one soldier and injured nine more and destroyed large parts of the barracks. It was the first IRA attack in England since the 1984 Brighton Bombing.

[Wikipedia: Jim Thompson (writer)] James Myers Thompson (September 27, 1906 – April 7, 1977) was an American author and screenwriter, known for his hardboiled crime fiction.

[Wikipedia: John Scott (ice hockey)] John Howard Scott (born September 26, 1982) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey defenceman/winger who most recently played for the Montreal Canadiens of the National Hockey League. Scott previously played for the Minnesota Wild, Chicago Blackhawks, New York Rangers, San Jose Sharks, Buffalo Sabres and the Arizona Coyotes of the NHL. Scott was born in Edmonton, Alberta, but grew up in St. Catharines, Ontario. He graduated from Michigan Technological University in 2006.

[Wikipedia: Dead Clever] Dead Clever is a British black comedy film, first screened on ITV on New Year's Day, 2007. Written by Sally Wainwright, it stars Suranne Jones, Helen Baxendale and Dean Lennox Kelly. Although officially titled "Dead Clever" it was subtitled "The Life and Crimes of Julie Bottomley". The music was written by BAFTA nominated TV & film music composer Sheridan Tongue.

[Wikipedia: The Prince and the Pauper] The Prince and the Pauper is a novel by American author Mark Twain. It was first published in 1881 in Canada, before its 1882 publication in the United States. The novel represents Twain's first attempt at historical fiction. Set in 1547, it tells the story of two young boys who are identical in appearance: Tom Canty, a pauper who lives with his abusive father in Offal Court off Pudding Lane in London, and Prince Edward, son of King Henry VIII.

[Wikipedia: Paul Fenton (musician)] Paul Fenton (born 4 July 1946 in Huddersfield, Yorkshire, England) is an English drummer, best known for his work with T. Rex. After leaving Christie, he started playing drums for T. Rex in 1973, after being recommended to Marc Bolan by his producer Tony Visconti. He also toured briefly with Marc Bolan & T. Rex in 1974, and played additional drums with Davy Lutton on the songs "Solid Baby", "Funky London Childhood", and "Visions Of Domino".

[Wikipedia: Center Cemetery (Southampton, Massachusetts)] Center Cemetery is a historic cemetery in Southampton, Massachusetts. The 6.5 acre cemetery is located on the west side of Massachusetts Route 10, about 0.25 mi north of Southampton Center. It was the town's first cemetery, with the oldest marker dating 1738. The grounds underwent several expansions to reach their present size, and further growth is contemplated. In the 1830s a receiving vault was added, and an iron fence was installed around three sides of the perimeter in 1900. The Soldiers' Monument, a red sandstone obelisk which stands prominently at the cemetery entrance, was placed in 1866.

[Wikipedia: 1876 in architecture] The year 1876 in architecture involved some significant architectural events and new buildings.

[Wikipedia: The Boss (Rick Ross song)] "The Boss" is the second single from Rick Ross's second studio album "Trilla". It samples the song "Paul Revere" by Beastie Boys. It is produced by J. R. Rotem. Matt Kemp from the San Diego Padres and Brian McCann from the New York Yankees use this song as their at-bat / intro music. The song is also Ross's highest charting single to date, peaking at seventeen on the "Billboard" Hot 100

[Wikipedia: Chirundu, Zimbabwe] Chirundu is a village and border post in Zimbabwe on the border with Zambia, in Mashonaland West province. The name Chirundu means "people following one another in a line or queue" probably referring to the crossing of the Zambezi river by bridge at Chirundu. The village is located on the banks of the Zambezi river, and as a result it lies in the hot Zambezi Valley. It is the site of the Chirundu Bridges, two of only five road or rail bridges across the Zambezi river.

[Wikipedia: St George's Distillery] St. George's Distillery is a distillery based in Roudham, Norfolk. It is owned by the English Whisky Company who are a producer of single malt whisky and other malt-based alcoholic spirits. It is notable for being the first dedicated English distillery for single malt whisky in 100 years at the time of the building's completion in 2006. Their first mature batch went on sale in 2009.

[Wikipedia: United States v. Jackalow] United States v. Jackalow, 66 U.S. (1 Black) 484 (1862), is a U.S. Supreme Court case interpreting the Venue and Vicinage clauses of the United States Constitution. It was an "unusual criminal case", and one of the few constitutional criminal cases from the Taney Court. Jackalow, a mariner from the Ryukyu Islands, was suspected of the robbery and murder of the captain of the sloop "Spray", Jonathan Leete, and Jonathan's brother Elijah, while the ship was at sea. He was convicted of robbery in the Long Island Sound, but as there was disagreement over the question of jurisdiction between the two judges who heard the post-trial motion – Judge Mahlon Dickerson and Supreme Court Justice Robert Cooper Grier – the case was referred to the Supreme Court by certificate of division.

[Wikipedia: Identity management theory] Identity management theory (also frequently referred to as IMT) is an intercultural communication theory from the 1990s. It was developed by William R. Cupach and Tadasu Todd Imahori on the basis of Erving Goffman's "Interaction ritual: Essays on face-to-face behavior" (1967). Cupach and Imahori distinguish between intercultural communication (speakers from different cultures) and intracultural communication (speakers sharing the same culture).

[Wikipedia: Zumba Fitness: World Party] Zumba Fitness: World Party (a.k.a. Zumba Fitness 4) is the fourth video game in the installment of the Fitness series, with this game being the sequel to "Zumba Fitness Core" (2012). This game is based on the Zumba program as it was then later followed by "Zumba Kids" (2013). The game was developed by Zoë Mode and published by Majesco Entertainment. It was released for current-generation consoles on 5 November 2013 in the United States and was also released on 22 November 2013 for Xbox One as a launch title.

[Wikipedia: Masaki Liu] Masaki Liu, sometimes referred to as "Saki", is the engineer and producer operating One Way Studio, a digital recording studio in Benicia, California. Masaki has recorded and produced music for many bands, including Five Iron Frenzy, Black Rebel Motorcycle Club, The Echoing Green, The W's and Yellow Second.

[Wikipedia: Far Side Virtual] Far Side Virtual is the thirtieth studio album by the American electronic musician James Ferraro, released on October 25, 2011 by the record label Hippos in Tanks. First conceived as a series of ringtones, the album marked Ferraro's transition from his previous lo-fi recording approach to a sharply produced, electronic aesthetic that deliberately evokes sources such as elevator music, corporate mood music, easy-listening, and outdated computer sound design. The album has been interpreted as engaging with themes such as hyperreality, disposable consumer culture, 1990s retro-futurism, advertising, and musical kitsch.

[Wikipedia: Salt tectonics] Salt tectonics is concerned with the geometries and processes associated with the presence of significant thicknesses of evaporites containing rock salt within a stratigraphic sequence of rocks. This is due both to the low density of salt, which does not increase with burial, and its low strength.

[Wikipedia: Super Bowl XLII] Super Bowl XLII was an American football game between the National Football Conference (NFC) champion New York Giants and the American Football Conference (AFC) champion New England Patriots to decide the National Football League (NFL) champion for the 2007 season. The Giants defeated the Patriots by the score of 17–14. The game was played on February 3, 2008, at University of Phoenix Stadium in Glendale, Arizona.

[Wikipedia: Chilevisión] Chilevisión is the third oldest Chilean television network. Formerly called "Canal 9 de Televisión de la Universidad de Chile", "Teleonce (Universidad de Chile Televisión)" and "RTU (Red de Televisión de la Universidad de Chile"), this TV station was owned by Universidad de Chile, a Chilean state university. This educational institution sold a significant percentage of its TV channel to Venevisión, changing its name to "Chilevisión". It was later sold to "Claxson Interactive Group" and then to Chilean investor and ex-president Sebastián Piñera.

[Wikipedia: Ryan Ferguson (musician)] Ryan Ferguson (born  1975 ) is an indie rock guitarist and singer-songwriter, formerly of Southern California band No Knife. In 2004 he contributed the acoustic track "Wait for Me There" to the compilation album "San Diego Is Burning". Ferguson's solo debut "Three, Four" was released in July 2005, winning a San Diego Music Award for "Best Pop Record" that year. Critic Chris Nixon cited it as one of the best releases of the year for San Diego musicians. "The Sims 2" featured an interpretation of the album's lead track "Suddenly". He went on to tour with American rock band Switchfoot, and released a full-length album entitled "Only Trying to Help" in 2007.

[Wikipedia: List of Degrassi: Next Class characters] "" is the second incarnation of the "" series and is a Canadian teen drama television series created by Linda Schuyler, Yan Moore, Stephen Stohn, Sarah Glinski and Matt Huether. In January 2016, it was released on Netflix internationally and currently airs on the new Family Channel teen block, F2N, in Canada. It is the fifth series set in the fictional "Degrassi" universe created by Schuyler and Kit Hood in 1979. Like its predecessors, "Degrassi: Next Class" follows a group of students from Degrassi Community School, a fictional school in Toronto, Ontario, and depicts some of the typical issues and challenges common to a teenager's life. Although this series is an incarnation of ""The Next Generation"", Netflix and the producers decided to begin with a "season one" instead.

[Wikipedia: Soundtrack album] A soundtrack album is any album that incorporates music directly recorded from the soundtrack of a particular feature film or television show. The first such album to be commercially released was Walt Disney's "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs", the soundtrack to the film of the same name, in 1938. The first soundtrack album of a film's orchestral score was that for Alexander Korda's 1942 film "Jungle Book", composed by Miklós Rózsa. However, this album added the voice of Sabu, the film's star, narrating the story in character as Mowgli.

[Wikipedia: Eastern University (Bangladesh)] Eastern University (Bengali: ইস্টার্ন বিশ্ববিদ্যালয় ) or EU is a private university located in Dhanmondi, Dhaka, Bangladesh. The Eastern University was established in 2003 under the Private University Act 1992, and later on approved under Private University Act of 2010. The university was set up by Eastern University Foundation - a non-profit, non-political and philanthropic organization. Its founders include academics, chartered accountants, engineers, industrialists and retired civil servants. The Foundation has 30 members. The governance of Eastern University is carried out as per the Private Universities Act of 2010 by several bodies: Board of Trustees, Syndicate, Academic Council, Curriculum Committee, Finance Committee, Teacher Selection Committee and Disciplinary Committee.

[Wikipedia: Mr. Fezziwig] Mr. Fezziwig is a character from the novel "A Christmas Carol" created by Charles Dickens to provide contrast with Ebenezer Scrooge's attitudes towards business ethics. Scrooge, who apprenticed under Fezziwig, is the very antithesis of the person he worked for as a young man. Mr. Fezziwig is portrayed as a jovial, foppish man with a large Welsh wig. In Act I, Scene 5 of "A Christmas Carol", the Ghost of Christmas Past takes Scrooge to revisit his youthful days in Fezziwig's world located at the cusp of the Industrial Revolution. Dickens used Fezziwig to represent a set of communal values and a way of life which was quickly being swept away in the economic turmoil of the early nineteenth century.

[Wikipedia: Asadullah Boroujerdi] Boroujerdi great Shia mujtahids, born in Boroujerd after the degrees, in the same city to pay religious teaching and office, And died in 1892. There is not a lot of time and his alma mater, and just the fact that he (Mohammad Mujahid) and (Sayyid Abul Skinheads) course studied, There is not a lot of time and his alma mater, and just the fact that he (Sayyid Mohammad Mujahid) and (Sayyid Abolghasem nahavandi) studied, Khansari and Aqa Bozorg Tehrani also achieved his apprenticeship he (Mirza) Qomi pointed and all authors and accuracy of his knowledge of jurisprudence and the principles stipulated in the discussions have.

[Wikipedia: Luc Deveraux] Luc Deveraux is a fictional character and the protagonist of the "Universal Soldier" film series. He is most famously portrayed by Belgian actor and martial artist Jean-Claude Van Damme. Van Damme portrays Luc in the 1992 film "Universal Soldier" and its sequels "" (1999), "" (2009), and "" (2012); he is portrayed by Matt Battaglia in the direct-to-video sequels "" (1998) and "" (1998).

[Wikipedia: The Love Bug (1997 film)] The Love Bug is a 1997 American made-for-television comedy adventure film and a sequel/remake of the 1968 film of the same name produced by Walt Disney Television which premiered on ABC as part of "The Wonderful World of Disney" on November 30, 1997. The remake starred Bruce Campbell and included a special appearance by Dean Jones, star of the original "The Love Bug", tying it to the previous films and introduced an evil black Volkswagen named Horace, "The Hate Bug", giving the film a much darker tone than the other "Herbie" films.

[Wikipedia: Carlos Serrano] Carlos Serrano (born August 29, 1963 in Bogotá, Colombia) is a recorder and early woodwinds player. He completed high school studies at Colegio San Carlos in Bogotá. After studying recorder at Oberlin Conservatory in Ohio and Mannes College of Music in New York with Philip Levin, and with Pedro Memelsdorff in Italy, he graduated from the Early Music Institute at Indiana University as pupil of Eva Legene and Michael McCraw. In 1988 he founded the early music ensemble Musica Ficta (Colombia), with which he has specialized in the performance of Latin-American and Spanish renaissance and baroque music. With this ensemble he has performed in nearly 30 countries in Europe, the Americas, the Far and Middle East. He has recorded for the labels Jade (France), Arion (France), Centaur (USA) and Arts Music (Germany). He taught music at Pontificia Universidad Javeriana in Bogotá.

[Wikipedia: Julián Hernández (filmmaker)] Julián Hernández (born 1972 in Mexico City, Mexico as Julián Hernández Pérez) is a Mexican multi-awarded filmmaker. He won twice the Teddy Award at Berlin Film Festival with his movies" Thousand Clouds of Peace Fence the Sky, Love, Your Being Love Will Never End " (2003), and "Raging Sun, Raging Sky ("2009). He studied at the Centro Universitario de Estudios Cinematográficos (CUEC), from where he was expelled due to his gay-themed films during a homophobic administration, and was not mentioned as a serious director until he started winning international recognition. He has credited his use of cinematographic language to influences from filmmakers such as Michelangelo Antonioni, Leonardo Favio, Robert Bresson, and Alain Resnais. Hernández has directed more than 20 awarded short films (both documentaries and fictional), and became a gay-cinema icon for his feature films, including Broken Sky. Along with producer and director , he founded Cooperativa Cinematográfica Morelos. which later became the prestigious production company , producing 29 films over two decades.

[Wikipedia: Ron Kim (politician)] Ronald Tae Sok Kim (born May 2, 1979) is an American politician from New York City. He serves in the New York State Assembly representing the 40th District, which includes portions of Whitestone, Flushing and Murray Hill. First elected in November 2012, Kim became the first and only Korean American ever elected in New York State. Speaker Carl Heastie appointed him as Secretary of the Majority Conference of the New York State Assembly in January 2017.

[Wikipedia: Sarah Huckabee Sanders] Sarah Elizabeth Huckabee Sanders (born August 13, 1982) is an American political aide who currently serves as White House press secretary. She is the daughter of former governor of Arkansas and Republican presidential candidate Mike Huckabee and former Arkansas first lady Janet Huckabee.

[Wikipedia: Tazumal] Tazumal (/täsuːˈm äl/ ) is a pre-Columbian Maya archeological site in Chalchuapa, El Salvador. Tazumal is an architectural complex within the larger area of the ancient Mesoamerican city of Chalchuapa, in western El Salvador. The Tazumal group is located in the southern portion of the Chalchuapa archaeological zone. Archaeologist Stanley Boggs excavated and restored the Tazumal complex during the 1940s and 1950s.

[Wikipedia: 2000–01 Atlanta Hawks season] The 2000–01 NBA season was the Hawks' 52nd season in the National Basketball Association, and 33rd season in Atlanta. Under new head coach Lon Kruger, the Hawks got off to a bad start losing their first seven games, but then posted a 7–7 record in December. In January, they traded Jim Jackson to the Cleveland Cavaliers for Brevin Knight. After playing in the 2001 NBA All-Star Game, Dikembe Mutombo was traded at midseason along with Roshown McLeod to the Philadelphia 76ers for Theo Ratliff, Toni Kukoč and Nazr Mohammed. However, Ratliff injured his shooting hand prior to the trade, and was out for the remainder of the season. Mutombo would later on be named Defensive Player of the Year with the Sixers, who went on to lose in five games to the Los Angeles Lakers in the NBA Finals.

[Wikipedia: Ike Barinholtz] Isaac "Ike" Barinholtz (born February 18, 1977) is an American actor, comedian, voice actor and screenwriter. He was a cast member on "MADtv" from 2002 to 2007, "Eastbound & Down" (2012) and currently has a regular role on "The Mindy Project". In his film work, he is best known for his acting roles in "Neighbors" (2014) and its sequel, "" (2016), "Sisters" (2015), and "Suicide Squad" (2016), as well for as co-writing the screenplay for the 2016 comedy film "Central Intelligence".

[Wikipedia: Marc Schiller] Marc Schiller is an Argentinian American man who was born in Buenos Aires, Argentina in 1957. He survived a kidnapping and attempted murder by the Sun Gym Gang in Miami, Florida in 1994. He was the star witness in the trial against Daniel Lugo, Adrian Doorbal, and Jorge Delgado on a number of charges ranging from murder to kidnapping to extortion. Schiller has published two books "Pain and Gain: The Untold True Story" and "Pain and Gain: How I Survived and Triumphed". These books are personal accounts of his kidnapping in 1994. In 2013 the film "Pain & Gain" which depicts Schiller's kidnapping, was released by Paramount Pictures.

[Wikipedia: Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris] Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris is an action-adventure game developed by Crystal Dynamics and published by Square Enix for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One. It is the sequel to the 2010 video game "Lara Croft and the Guardian of Light", and the second instalment in "Lara Croft" spin-off series of the "Tomb Raider" franchise. The video game was announced at E3 2014 on 9 June. "Temple of Osiris" stars "Tomb Raider" mainstay protagonist Lara Croft, voiced by English actress Keeley Hawes.

[Wikipedia: Chad Henne] Chad Steven Henne (born July 2, 1985) is an American football quarterback for the Jacksonville Jaguars of the National Football League (NFL). He attended the University of Michigan. While attending, Henne became the second all time true freshman starting quarterback in Michigan history; accumulated a total of 32 wins in regular season play, 8,740 offensive yards, and 87 touchdowns; and in his senior season, led the Wolverines to a Capital One Bowl victory over Florida. He was subsequently rewarded as the game's MVP after throwing for over 350 yards.

[Wikipedia: Black Betty] "Black Betty" (Roud 11668) is a 20th-century African-American work song often credited to Huddie "Lead Belly" Ledbetter as the author, though the earliest recordings are not by him. Some sources claim it is one of Lead Belly's many adaptations of earlier folk material; in this case an 18th-century marching cadence about a flintlock musket. There are numerous recorded versions, including a cappella, folk, and rock arrangements. The best known modern recordings are rock versions by Ram Jam, Tom Jones, and Spiderbait, all of which were hits.

[Wikipedia: Pau Grand Prix] The Pau Grand Prix (French: "Grand Prix de Pau" ) is a motor race held in Pau, in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department of southwestern France. The French Grand Prix was held at Pau in 1930, leading to the annual Pau Grand Prix being inaugurated in 1933. It was not run during World War II.

[Wikipedia: Rutube] Rutube is a web video streaming service targeted at Russian speakers. The web site includes videos created by private individuals and licensed programming from entertainment companies that are hosted directly on Rutube, and videos that have been viewed on Facebook. As of April 2012, just under 14.5 million unique users per month viewed video clips hosted on Rutube (from a subset of Russian users aged 12–54). Rutube's overall monthly global traffic, as reported by representatives from Rutube, consists of 30 million unique visitors who viewed over 168 million video clips.

[Wikipedia: Roger Casement] Roger David Casement (1 September 1864 – 3 August 1916), formerly known as Sir Roger Casement  between 1911 and shortly before his execution for treason, when he was stripped of his knighthood and other honours, was a British civil servant who worked for the British Foreign Office as a diplomat, and later became a humanitarian activist, Irish nationalist, and poet. Described as the "father of twentieth-century human rights investigations", he was honoured in 1905 for the Casement Report on the Congo and knighted in 1911 for his important investigations of human rights abuses in Peru. He then made efforts during World War I to gain German military aid for the 1916 Easter Rising that sought to gain Irish independence.

[Wikipedia: Edgar Kaiser Sr.] Edgar Fosburgh Kaiser Sr. (July 29, 1908 – December 7, 1981) was an American industrialist, who was Chairman of Kaiser Aluminum and Chemical Corporation, the Kaiser Cement Corporation and the Kaiser Steel Corporation.

[Wikipedia: Love Revolution (Will Young song)] "Love Revolution" is a song by the British recording artist Will Young. It was released on 30 March 2015 as the first single from his sixth studio album "85% Proof" (2015). The chorus features lyrics and melody from the song "Share the Love" which was originally written by Ivan Matias and Andrea Martin and released on Martin's debut album "The Best of Me" in 1998 on Arista Records. The song is more commonly known as re-worked track "Loneliness" by German DJ Tomcraft, which peaked at the top of on the UK Singles Chart in May 2003.

[Wikipedia: Paul Julian (artist)] Paul Hull Husted (June 25, 1914 – September 5, 1995), better known as Paul Julian, was an American background animator, sound effects artist, and voice actor for Warner Bros. Animation Studios. Julian worked on "Looney Tunes" short films, primarily on director Friz Freleng's Sylvester and Tweety Bird shorts. During his time at WB, Julian also provided the vocal effects of the Road Runner. His warm and tightly-cropped urban scenes were also featured early in his career in the 1946 Bugs Bunny film "Baseball Bugs", and in the crime syndicate-themed Daffy Duck film "Golden Yeggs." Julian also worked extensively as a WPA mural artist.

[Wikipedia: Ally Malott] Ally Malott (born October 31, 1992) is an American basketball player who last played for the Washington Mystics of the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA). She was drafted eighth overall in the 2015 WNBA draft.

[Wikipedia: WGCL-TV] WGCL-TV, virtual channel 46 (UHF digital channel 19), is a CBS-affiliated television station license to Atlanta, Georgia, United States. The station is owned by the Meredith Corporation as part of a duopoly with independent station WPCH-TV (channel 17). The two stations share a studio located on 14th Street in northwestern Atlanta; WGCL-TV's transmitter is located near North Druid Hills. WGCL-TV is the third-largest CBS-affiliated station by market size (WUSA in Washington, D.C. being the largest and KHOU in Houston being the second largest) that is not owned and operated by the network.

[Wikipedia: The Trial of Joan of Arc of Proven, 1431] The Trial of Joan of Arc of Proven, 1431 is an adaptation by the German dramatist Bertolt Brecht of a radio play by Anna Seghers. It was written in collaboration with Benno Besson and premiered at the Berliner Ensemble in November 1952, in a production directed by Besson (his first important production with the Ensemble), with Käthe Reichel as Joan.

[Wikipedia: Washington State Route 241] State Route 241 (SR 241) is a 25.18 mi state highway serving Yakima and Benton counties in the U.S. state of Washington. The highway begins at SR 22 in Mabton and travels north to Sunnyside, intersecting Interstate 82 (I-82) and U.S. Route 12 (US 12) in an interchange, before entering the Rattlesnake Hills and ending at SR 24. Prior to the establishment of SR 241 in 1970, the highway between Sunnyside and the Rattlesnake Hills was designated as Secondary State Highway 3V (SSH 3V). SR 241 was moved during the construction of I-82 during the 1970s and 1980s and the roadway extended south to Mabton in 1991.

[Wikipedia: Doug Williams (quarterback)] Douglas Lee "Doug" Williams (born August 9, 1955) is a former American football quarterback and former head coach of the Grambling State Tigers football team. Williams is known for his remarkable performance in Super Bowl XXII. Williams, who was named the Super Bowl MVP, passed for a Super Bowl record 340 yards and four touchdowns, with one interception. He was the first African-American starting quarterback to win a Super Bowl. Williams also became the first player in Super Bowl history to pass for four touchdowns in a single quarter, and four in a half. Williams is now a team executive for the Redskins, being hired for that role in 2014.

[Wikipedia: Mil Mascaras vs. the Aztec Mummy] Mil Mascaras vs. the Aztec Mummy (also known as Mil Mascaras: Resurrection) is a 2007 Mexican-American lucha libre film starring the legendary Mexican wrestler and cult film star Mil Máscaras. It has the distinction of being the first lucha film starring any of the "Big 3" (Santo, Blue Demon, Mil Máscaras) to be produced in English. It was a tribute to the 1960s Mexican horror and lucha libre films and was the first of a trilogy of Mil Mascaras films that includes Academy of Doom (2008) and Aztec Revenge (2015).

[Wikipedia: Château de Bourdeilles] The Château de Bourdeilles is a castle located in the commune of Bourdeilles in the Dordogne "département" in southwestern France. A castle may have existed at Bourdeilles in the 9th century, but the oldest parts of the current castle date from the early 14th century. The castle consists of an octagonal keep, connected to a two story building of which only the outer walls remain. Next to the old castle, a Renaissance palace was built at the end of the 16th century. Much of the interior decoration has been preserved. The castle and the palace are surrounded by a wall. The entrance gate is protected by two round towers. Since 1919, the château has been listed as a "monument historique" by the French Ministry of Culture.

[Wikipedia: The Prize Fighter Inferno] The Prize Fighter Inferno is an acoustic/electronica solo project of Claudio Sanchez, the lead singer and lead/rhythm guitarist for the band Coheed and Cambria. The first album, called "My Brother's Blood Machine" was released on October 31, 2006 through indie label Equal Vision Records. According to "My Brother's Blood Machine" liner notes, Claudio recorded the album over a period of seven years with "...random recording devices...". As of August 2009, Sanchez has been reportedly working on a follow up album to 2006's "My Brother's Blood Machine" releasing updates of the album's status on his Twitter account every few months. On September 25, 2009, A new song called "Gears" was introduced in the trailer of Claudio's comic series Kill Audio. The song was released on 7" vinyl along with another song called "Erizo Schultz" in February 2010. The vinyl credits both Claudio Sanchez and his wife Chondra Echert as "The Prize Fighter Inferno". An EP was release for New York Comic Con 2012 titled "Half Measures" with tracks, Elm Street Lover Boy, Simple Fix, Pistol Pete Matty, and Half Measures. On Record Store Day, the EP is set to release as a Glow in the Dark vinyl, along with Big Beige Demos in a coke-bottle clear vinyl, and Davenport Cabinet's EP in a blue vinyl.

[Wikipedia: BC Savanoris] BC Savanoris (Lithuanian: Krepšinio Klubas Savanoris ) is basketball club of Alytus, Lithuania. It was founded in 2011 and replaced BC Alytus in national pyramid of basketball. Because of shortage of direct links with BC Alytus, club started competing in the third tier of Lithuanian basketball, called RKL. Despite the declared aim of getting promotion to second tier, NKL, BC Savanoris lost to BC Olimpas in round of eight-final. The remnants of the team became the basis of future LKL team BC Dzūkija.

[Wikipedia: William Bradford (Plymouth soldier)] Major William Bradford (a.k.a. William Bradford IV and William Bradford the Younger) (16 June 1624 – 20 February 1703) was a political and military leader in Plymouth Colony in the late 17th century.

[Wikipedia: Production control room] The production control room or studio control room (SCR) is the place in a television studio in which the composition of the outgoing program takes place. An SCR is also often the acronym for the Satellite Control Room, from here TV feeds are sent to & received from the local Satellite used by the TV station

[Wikipedia: Bill Barretta] William Paul "Bill" Barretta (born June 19, 1964) is an American puppeteer and producer who has been performing with The Muppets since 1991, when he puppeteered the body of Sinclair family patriarch, Earl Sinclair on "Dinosaurs". He later developed several new characters on "Muppets Tonight", including Pepe the King Prawn, Johnny Fiama, Big Mean Carl and Bobo the Bear. Along with having his own Muppet characters, Barretta has taken over several of Jim Henson's roles, such as Dr. Teeth, Rowlf the Dog, Mahna Mahna and Swedish Chef, and briefly took over Jerry Nelson's role of Lew Zealand. His film debut as a principal puppeteer was in 1996's "Muppet Treasure Island" as Clueless Morgan. In addition, Barretta has produced two of the Muppets' television films, "It's a Very Merry Muppet Christmas Movie" (2002) and "The Muppets' Wizard of Oz" (2005). Barretta also provides additional voices on "Kim Possible". His most recent film performance was in Disney's "Muppets Most Wanted", where he also served as a co-producer. Barretta also served as an executive producer on the ABC series, "The Muppets".

[Wikipedia: Anne Schwanewilms] Anne Schwanewilms (born 1967, in Gelsenkirchen) is a German lyric soprano. She studied gardening before training in Cologne as a singer with the German bass Hans Sotin. She is particularly associated with performing the works of Richard Wagner, Franz Schreker, Alban Berg, and Richard Strauss. She sang the lead role of Carlotta in Franz Schreker's "Die Gezeichneten" at the Salzburg Festival in 2005, recorded and subsequently published on DVD by Opus Arte.

[Wikipedia: Kois v. Wisconsin] Kois v. Wisconsin, 408 U.S. 229 (1972) , was a ruling by the U.S. Supreme Court in the case of the obscenity conviction of Milwaukee editor-publisher John Kois, whose underground newspaper "Kaleidoscope" had published two small photographs of pictures of nudes and a sexually-oriented poem entitled "Sex Poem" in 1968. The Supreme Court ruled that, in the context in which they appeared, the photographs were rationally related to a news article which they illustrated and were thus entitled to Fourteenth Amendment protection, and that the poem "bears some of the earmarks of an attempt at serious art" (whether successful or not), and thus was not obscene under the "Roth v. United States" test ("whether or not the 'dominant' theme of the material appeals to prurient interest"). In the words of the concurring opinion of Justice William O. Douglas, "In this case, the vague umbrella of obscenity laws was used in an attempt to run a radical newspaper out of business and to impose a two-year sentence and a $2,000 fine upon its publisher. If obscenity laws continue in this uneven and uncertain enforcement, then the vehicle has been found for the suppression of any unpopular tract. The guarantee of free expression will thus be diluted and in its stead public discourse will only embrace that which has the approval of five members of this Court."

[Wikipedia: Airwaves (album)] Airwaves is an album released by British rock band Badfinger in 1979 on the Elektra label (a sister label to Warner Bros. Records, their previous label), the seventh album released that was credited to Badfinger. Anticipated as a comeback album for the group at the time, expectations were not quite realized, as the "group" now consisted of just the duo of Tom Evans and Joey Molland, accompanied by guitarist Joe Tansin and various session musicians.

[Wikipedia: Bobby Fuller] Robert Gaston Fuller (October 22, 1942 – July 18, 1966) was an American rock singer, songwriter, and guitarist best known for "Love's Made a Fool of You" and his cover of "I Fought the Law", recorded with his mid-1960s group The Bobby Fuller Four.

[Wikipedia: London International Documentary Festival] The London International Documentary Festival (or LIDF) is an annual documentary film festival that takes place in the months of March and April every year. The event is presented in association with the London Review of Books.

[Wikipedia: Bulk sale] A bulk sale, sometimes called a bulk transfer, is when a business sells all or nearly all of its inventory to a single buyer and such a sale is not part of the ordinary course of business. This type of action is often used in an attempt to dodge creditors who intend to seize such business's inventory; in order to protect the purchaser from claims made by creditors of the seller, the seller must usually complete an affidavit outlining its secured and unsecured creditors, which must usually be filed with a government department, such as a court office. Such procedures are outlined in the bulk sales act of most jurisdictions. If the buyer does not complete the registration process for a bulk sale, creditors of the seller may obtain a declaration that the sale was invalid against the creditors and the creditors may take possession of the goods or obtain judgment for any proceeds the buyer received from a subsequent sale.

[Wikipedia: Mineral, Washington murders] The Mineral, Washington murders, dubbed by the media as "the Tube Sock Killings," is a series of unsolved murders that occurred in remote areas of Lewis and Pierce County, Washington, near the remote community of Mineral, Washington, in 1985. The murder cases were widely publicized, and were featured on the television series "Unsolved Mysteries" in 1989.

[Wikipedia: 1932 Allan Cup] The 1932 Allan Cup was won by the Toronto National Sea Fleas. This team went on to represent Canada at the 1933 World Ice Hockey Championships held in Prague, Czechoslovakia where the team lost the final game to the United States in overtime to capture the silver medal for Canada.

[Wikipedia: Roger Murtaugh] Roger Murtaugh is a fictional character in the "Lethal Weapon" films, played in all four by Danny Glover. On February 12, 2016, it was announced that Murtaugh would be played by Damon Wayans Sr. in the pilot for the new Fox Television drama series.

[Wikipedia: Vladimír Nadrchal] Vladimír Nadrchal (born March 4, 1938 in Pardubice, Czechoslovakia) is an ice hockey player who played for the Czechoslovak national team. He won a bronze medal at the 1964 Winter Olympics, and a silver medal at the 1968 Winter Olympics.

[Wikipedia: Convent of the Epiphany] The Convent of the Epiphany, Truro, Cornwall, UK, was the home of the Community of the Epiphany, founded in 1883. The founder of the community was George Wilkinson, Bishop of Truro. George Wilkinson was afterwards Bishop of St Andrews, Dunkeld and Dunblane. The sisters were involved in pastoral and educational work, the care of Truro Cathedral and St Paul's Church, and church needlework. The head of the community was the Mother Superior and there was a branch house at Penzance.

[Wikipedia: Michael Pangrazio] Michael Pangrazio (commonly credited as Mike Pangrazio) is an award-winning American art director in the feature film industry best known for his matte painting work on Raiders of the Lost Ark and The Empire Strikes Back. As traditional and digital matte artist, he created some of the most famous matte paintings in movie history. His best known painting is the Raiders of the Lost Ark warehouse interior set-extension at the end of the movie.

[Wikipedia: Ricky Proehl] Richard Scott Proehl (born March 7, 1968) is a former American football wide receiver in the National Football League. Proehl played 17 seasons with the Phoenix/Arizona Cardinals, Seattle Seahawks, Chicago Bears, St. Louis Rams, Carolina Panthers, and Indianapolis Colts. He played in four Super Bowls and won two: Super Bowl XXXIV with the Rams and Super Bowl XLI with the Colts.

[Wikipedia: A41 road] The A41 is a major trunk road in England that links London and Birkenhead, although it has now in parts been superseded by motorways. It passes through or near various towns and cities including Watford, Kings Langley, Hemel Hempstead, Aylesbury, Solihull, Birmingham, West Bromwich, Wolverhampton, Newport, Whitchurch, Chester and Ellesmere Port.

[Wikipedia: California State Senate] The California State Senate is the upper house of the California State Legislature. Due to the state's large population and relatively small legislature, the State Senate has the largest population per representative ratio of any state legislative house. In the United States House of Representatives, California is apportioned 53 representatives, each representing approximately 704,566 people, while in the State Senate, each of the 40 Senators represents approximately 931,349 people, with the result that California state senators each actually represent more voters than California's representatives to the United States Congress do. Each member roughly represents a population equivalent to the state of Delaware. As a result of Proposition 140 in 1990 and Proposition 28 in 2012, members elected to the legislature prior to 2012 are restricted by term limits to two four-year terms (eight years), while those elected in or after 2012 are allowed to serve 12 years in the legislature in any combination of four-year state senate or two-year state assembly terms.

[Wikipedia: Modjo (Energy supplement)] Modjo is an American brand of functional energy supplements and beverages, manufactured by Cellutions LLC. Modjolife is the term of a lifestyle Cellutions represents through Modjo. In 2007, Modjo was launched first in Puerto Rico and in 2008 it was introduced in the US.

[Wikipedia: Marshall Aerospace and Defence Group] Marshall Aerospace and Defence Group is an aircraft maintenance, modification and design company located at Cambridge Airport, which it also owns and operates. The company covers all aspects of design, manufacture, maintenance, modification, conversion and logistic support of military, commercial and business aircraft. It employs over 4,400 people and is based on an 800 acre site with 1200000 sqft of covered hangar space. It works on a large variety of aircraft types and projects.

[Wikipedia: Mamzer] A mamzer (Hebrew: ממזר‎ ‎ ) is a person born from certain forbidden relationships, or the descendant of such a person, in the Hebrew Bible and Jewish religious law. A "mamzer" in modern Jewish culture is someone who is either born out of adultery by a married Jewish woman and a Jewish man who is not her husband, or born out of incest (as defined by the Bible), or someone who has a "mamzer" as a parent. Mamzer status is not synonymous with illegitimacy, since it does not include children whose mothers were unmarried.

[Wikipedia: Wisconsin's 7th congressional district] Wisconsin's 7th congressional district is a congressional district of the United States House of Representatives in northwestern and central Wisconsin; it is the largest congressional district in the state geographically, covering 20 counties (in whole or part), for a total of 18,787 sq mi. The district contains the following counties: Ashland, Barron, Bayfield, Burnett, Chippewa, Clark (partial), Douglas, Iron, Langlade (partial), Lincoln, Marathon, Oneida, Polk, Portage, Price, Rusk, Sawyer, Taylor, Washburn and Wood.

[Wikipedia: Mankato, Minnesota] Mankato ( ) is a city in Blue Earth, Nicollet, and Le Sueur counties in the state of Minnesota. It is the 22nd biggest city in Minnesota. The population was 41,044 according to 2015 US census estimates, making it the fifth largest city in Minnesota outside of the Minneapolis–Saint Paul metropolitan area. The county seat of Blue Earth County, it is located along a large bend of the Minnesota River at its confluence with the Blue Earth River. Mankato is across the Minnesota River from North Mankato. Mankato and North Mankato have a combined population of over 53,000, according to the 2010 census. It completely encompasses the town of Skyline. North of Mankato Regional Airport, a tiny non-contiguous part of the city is located within Le Sueur County. Most of the city of Mankato is located within Blue Earth County.

[Wikipedia: The Search for Everything: Wave One] The Search for Everything: Wave One (also shortened as Wave One) is an extended play (EP) by American singer John Mayer. Released on January 20, 2017, the EP contains the first four tracks from Mayer's seventh studio album, "The Search for Everything". It includes the lead single "Love on the Weekend" and three new tracks.

[Wikipedia: Playin' Around] Playin' Around is a CD/DVD by Play. Also known by the title "Playin' Around the World", it contains about an hour of video segments featuring the members of Play - Anaïs Lameche, Anna Sundstrand, Faye Hamlin and Rosie Munter - as they perform a set of songs in concert, rehearse their music videos, discuss their life performing and living on their tour bus, and prepare for their new album "Replay" by recording tracks in the studio. The disc also includes several Play music videos in full length.

[Wikipedia: 2005 Brownlow Medal] The 2005 Brownlow Medal was the 78th year the award was presented to the player adjudged the fairest and best player during the Australian Football League (AFL) home and away season. Ben Cousins of the West Coast Eagles won the medal by polling twenty votes during the 2005 AFL season. It was Cousins' first Brownlow Medal win, and with Daniel Kerr finishing the runner up, it was the first time in 86 years that the top two votesgetters were from the same club.

[Wikipedia: Wiser for the Time] Wiser for the Time is the fifth live album by American southern rock band The Black Crowes, released on March 18, 2013. This marks their return from hiatus and is the first Black Crowes live album since "Warpaint Live" in 2009. Recorded during a five-night run in New York City (NYC) in their supporting tour for the 2010 album "Croweology" and released as vinyl or download. It includes live recordings (15 acoustic & 11 electric) from the band's 2010 NYC performances and four covers: "Hot Burrito #1" and "Hot Burrito #2" from The Flying Burrito Brothers, Little Feat's "Willin" and Bob Dylan's "Tonight I'll Be Staying Here with You".

[Wikipedia: Turpentine (song)] "Turpentine" is a song by the American alternative rock band Hole. It was written by vocalist and rhythm guitarist Courtney Love and lead guitarist Eric Erlandson. The song was one of the band's first compositions and remained unreleased for seven years before being released on the band's second EP, "The First Session" on August 26, 1997. Although not as well known as Hole's later songs, "Turpentine" is a notable song for the band as it is often cited as "the first Hole song."

[Wikipedia: Michael Crafter] Michael Crafter is an Australian musician, singer-songwriter and entertainment manager. His music career began as lead vocalist for I Killed the Prom Queen. He is the vocalist of Confession, and former vocalist of Carpathian and Bury Your Dead. Crafter runs a clothing apparel business, Mistake Clothing.

[Wikipedia: Atatürk Museum Mansion] Atatürk Museum Mansion (Turkish: "Atatürk Müze Köşkü" ) is a historic house museum in Ankara, Turkey. It was the residence of President Mustafa Kemal Atatürk between 1921 and 1932, during the early years of the Republic. The museum is situated on Çankaya St. within the Çankaya Campus. It is situated right beside the Çankaya Mansion.

[Wikipedia: Saul og David] Saul og David ("Saul and David") is the first of the two operas by the Danish composer Carl Nielsen. The four-act libretto, by Einar Christiansen, tells the Biblical story of Saul's jealousy of the young David, taken from the Book of Samuel. The first performance was at Det Kongelige Teater, Copenhagen on 28 November 1902.

[Wikipedia: Gerald Ford] Gerald Rudolph Ford Jr. (born Leslie Lynch King Jr.; July 14, 1913 – December 26, 2006) was an American politician who served as the 38th President of the United States from August 1974 to January 1977, following the resignation of Richard Nixon. Prior to this he served eight months as the 40th Vice President of the United States, following the resignation of Spiro Agnew. He was the first person appointed to the vice presidency under the terms of the 25th Amendment, and consequently the only person to have served as both Vice President and President of the United States without being elected to executive office. Before his appointment to the vice presidency, Ford served 25 years as U.S. Representative from Michigan's 5th congressional district, the final nine of them as the House Minority Leader.

[Wikipedia: Atsuko Tanaka (voice actress)] Atsuko Tanaka (田中 敦子 , Tanaka Atsuko , born November 14, 1962 in Maebashi, Gunma) is a Japanese voice actress associated with Mausu Promotion (formerly Ezaki Productions). Her most-known voice role is Motoko Kusanagi in the "Ghost in the Shell" film and franchise. She also voices Caster in the "Fate/stay night", Lisa Lisa in "JoJo's Bizarre Adventure", Claudette in "Queen's Blade", Francis Midford in "Black Butler", and Karura in "Utawarerumono". In video games, she voices title characters Lara Croft in the Japanese dub of the "Tomb Raider" games, and Bayonetta in the "" film adaptation and "Bayonetta 2". She studied with the in voice training in 1991. In 2012, a Biglobe poll named her the voice actress with the sexiest voice.

[Wikipedia: Current Mood] Current Mood is the third studio album by American country music singer Dustin Lynch. It was released on September 8, 2017, via Broken Bow Records. The album includes the singles "Seein' Red" and "Small Town Boy", which have both reached number one on the Country Airplay chart.

[Wikipedia: Cedric Myton] Cedric Myton (born 1947 in Old Harbour, Jamaica), is a Reggae musician and Rastafarian. Cedric Myton began his singing career with the group The Bell Stars, who recorded one single 45" "over and over", the record was a minor success. This record was released in 1967. Alongside Lincoln Thompson, "preps" Lewis, and Devon Russell, Cedric Myton formed "The Tartans" in 1968, the group released many 45" singles, and had early success in 1969 with the hit 45 "Dance All Night". After a couple of years The Tartans disbanded, and Myton alongside Lincoln "Prince" Thompson, formed "The Royal Rasses". Cedric Myton spent almost 3 years alongside Thompson, writing the tracks which would constitute the Royal Rasses album "Humanity". Cedric Myton also sang on every track on the album "Humanity". This album was a big success, although Cedric Myton left The Royal Rasses shortly after the release of "Humanity", his beautiful falsetto tones on every track, undoubtedly brought many fans to the attention of "The Royal Rasses" and the band continued without Cedric Myton, who went on to form "The Congos", alongside Roydel Johnson, who had a rich "tenor" and Watty Burnett who provided a "Deep Barritone", which combined with Cedric Mytons rich "Falsetto" anchored The Congos, whose music is easily distinguishable and highly regarded in not just reggae circles but worldwide. Unfortunately, due to both a dispute between the producer Lee"Scratch"Perry and Island Records favouritism of Bob Marley,the great first release LP from The Congos "Heart Of The Congos" was "Shelved" because it was deemed "a strong album" and Island Records.led by Chris Blackwell felt "Heart Of The Congos" would take away the limelight from Bob Marley. Many years later the English group "The Beat" released "Heart Of The Congos" on their own "Go-Feat" label, as did the company "Blood And Fire", and "Heart Of The Congos" was a big success,and rightly so, however it has to be said that had the album been released when it was first recorded it would have been a massive success. Instead it was released initially in very limited numbers on Lee Perry's "Black Art" label and Perry re-mixed the album adding various external sounds, such as "cow Horns" provided by the barritoned Burnett. They recorded the album "Heart of the Congos", with Lee Perry at the controls, producing what is widely considered one of the great classics of reggae. Later Myton pursued a solo career. After some time, the Congos reformed and recorded an album titled, "Back in the Black Ark". The group toured as well, appearing at music festivals such as the 2012 Rototom Sunsplash.

[Wikipedia: Special Tony Award] The Special Tony Award category includes the Lifetime Achievement Award and Special Tony Award. These are non-competitive honorary awards, and the titles have changed over the years. The Tony Award for Lifetime Achievement in the Theatre is to "honor an individual for the body of his or her work." (The Tony Award for Best Special Theatrical Event was a competitive award, given from 2001 to 2009.) Another non-competitive Tony award is the Tony Honors for Excellence in Theatre, to "recognize the achievements of individuals and organizations that do not fit into any of the competitive categories."

[Wikipedia: 2013 Michigan State Spartans football team] The 2013 Michigan State Spartans football team represented Michigan State University in the Legends Division of the Big Ten Conference during the 2013 NCAA Division I FBS football season. Michigan State played their home games at Spartan Stadium in East Lansing, Michigan and were led by seventh year head coach Mark Dantonio. The Spartans finished the year 13–1, 8–0 and undefeated in Big Ten play. By winning the Legends Division, they earned a trip to the Big Ten Championship Game, their second appearance in the championship game. Facing No. 2-ranked Ohio State, they defeated the Buckeyes 34–24, knocking Ohio State out of the running for the BCS National Championship Game. The Spartans received an invitation to the Rose Bowl, their first trip to the Rose Bowl since 1988. There they defeated No. 5-ranked Stanford for the school's first Rose Bowl win since 1988.

[Wikipedia: Jamal Robertson] Jamal Robertson (born January 10, 1977) is a former Canadian football running back and kick returner who played in the Canadian Football League and National Football League. He was originally signed by the Calgary Stampeders as an undrafted free agent in 2001. He played college football at Ohio Northern. Jamal was one of the greatest athletes in Ohio Northern University (ONU) history. During his career at ONU, he amassed numerous school records and won the Division III National Player of the Year award. Jamal is an alumnus of Walter E. Stebbins High School in Dayton, Ohio, where he was an all state running back and a state champion in track & field.

[Wikipedia: Realm of New Zealand] The Realm of New Zealand is the entire area (or realm) in which the Queen of New Zealand is head of state. The Realm of New Zealand is not a federation or a unitary state; it is a collection of states and territories united under a monarch. New Zealand is a sovereign state. It has one Antarctic territorial claim, the Ross Dependency; one dependent territory, Tokelau; and two associated states, the Cook Islands and Niue.

[Wikipedia: Edithvale railway station] Edithvale railway station is located on the Frankston line in Victoria, Australia. It serves the south-eastern Melbourne suburb of Edithvale opening on 20 September 1919. In 1981 the station buildings were rebuilt. In its early years, a siding existed on the down side before Platform 2.

[Wikipedia: Jack Laugher] Jack David Laugher {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (pronounced ) (born 30 January 1995) is a British diver. A specialist on springboard, he competes in individual springboard events, and in synchronised events with Chris Mears. The duo won Britain's first ever Olympic gold medal in diving by winning the men's synchronised 3m springboard event at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio. A week later, Laugher won a silver in the men's individual 3m springboard at the same Games, becoming the first British diver to win multiple Olympic diving medals at the same Games.

[Wikipedia: Springfield Model 1812 Musket] The Springfield Model 1812 Musket is a .69 caliber, flintlock musket produced by the Springfield Armory.

[Wikipedia: Andrei Ivanovich Gorchakov] Andrei Ivanovich Gorchakov (1768 – 1855) led a Russian infantry corps in the German Campaign of 1813 and the French Campaign of 1814 during the Napoleonic Wars. He participated in the 1799 Italian and Swiss expedition on the staff of his uncle Alexander Suvorov and was at Cassano, the Trebbia and Novi. In 1812 he fought at Smolensk and Borodino. At Bautzen in May 1813 he led the second line of the Right Wing. He commanded the 1st Infantry Corps, at Dresden and Leipzig in 1813 and at Bar-sur-Aube, Laubressel and Paris in 1814.

[Wikipedia: Shawn Wooden] Shawn Wooden (born October 23, 1973,) is a former American football safety who played in the National Football League for 9 seasons for the Miami Dolphins and the Chicago Bears. Wooden was drafted in the 6th round by Jimmy Johnson, the then coach of the Miami Dolphins. He played for the Dolphins for four seasons and then signed a free agent contract with the Chicago Bears in the 2000 football season. After one year with the Chicago Bears, he returned to the Miami Dolphins for the remainder of his career. He is currently a financial advisor with Wooden Wealth Strategies.

[Wikipedia: I'm Gonna Get Married] "I'm Gonna Get Married" is a 1959 R&B/pop hit written by Harold Logan and Lloyd Price and recorded by Lloyd Price. The single was his follow-up to "Personality" and, like that entry, "I'm Gonna Get Married" went to number one on the "Billboard" R&B chart, where it stayed for three consecutive weeks. The single was the last of his four number ones, as well as his fifth Top 40 single, peaking at number three for two weeks on the "Billboard" Hot 100 pop singles chart.

[Wikipedia: Heublein] Heublein was originally a restaurant in Hartford, Connecticut founded in 1862 by Andrew Heublein, a German American entrepreneur. He was soon joined in business by his two sons Gilbert F. and Louis Heublein. In 1875 they took an order to prepare a quantity of pre-mixed martini and manhattan cocktails for the annual picnic of the Governor's Foot Guard. The event had to be cancelled due to rain. A few days later, a restaurant employee was instructed to dispose of the stored cocktails. But his curiosity led to the discovery and declaration that the alcoholic drinks were "still good". It had been duly noted by the two brothers, who started selling pre-mixed cocktails in the restaurant. These ready-made cocktails were so popular that a distillery was built just to satisfy the increasing demand. The business became Gilbert F. Heublein and Bro. upon its transfer to Andrew's sons Gilbert and Louis Heublein in 1890, when the focus was turning towards their lucrative line of "ready-made" alcoholic cocktail drinks. In 1906 the business gained the rights to distribute (and later produce) A1 Steak Sauce for the US market, under license from Brand & Co. Ltd. of Vauxhall, London, UK. Heublein started sales in the US under the name "Brand's A.1. Sauce" .

[Wikipedia: Choking Doberman] The Choking Doberman is a popular urban legend that originated in the United States. Urban legends are, as Patricia T. O'Conner of The New York Times described, "fictitious narratives that are passed from person to person in the guise of true stories and sometimes persist until they reach the status of folklore." The story of the choking doberman fits into this category of folklore and generally involves a protective pet found by its owner gagging on human fingers lodged in its throat. As the story unfolds, the dog's owner discovers an intruder whose hand is bleeding from the dog bite.

[Wikipedia: Ion Creangă] Ion Creangă (] ; also known as Nică al lui Ștefan a Petrei, Ion Torcălău and Ioan Ștefănescu; March 1, 1837 – December 31, 1889) was a Moldavian, later Romanian writer, raconteur and schoolteacher. A main figure in 19th century Romanian literature, he is best known for his "Childhood Memories" volume, his novellas and short stories, and his many anecdotes. Creangă's main contribution to fantasy and children's literature includes narratives structured around eponymous protagonists ("Harap Alb", "Ivan Turbincă", "Dănilă Prepeleac", "Stan Pățitul"), as well as fairy tales indebted to conventional forms ("The Story of the Pig", "The Goat and Her Three Kids", "The Mother with Three Daughters-in-Law", "The Old Man's Daughter and the Old Woman's Daughter"). Widely seen as masterpieces of the Romanian language and local humor, his writings occupy the middle ground between a collection of folkloric sources and an original contribution to a literary realism of rural inspiration. They are accompanied by a set of contributions to erotic literature, collectively known as his "corrosives".

[Wikipedia: Inspector Gadget (film)] Inspector Gadget is a 1999 American action-comedy film directed by David Kellogg, written by Kerry Ehrin and Zak Penn from a story by Ehrin and Dana Olsen. It is loosely based on the 1983 animated cartoon series of the same name. It stars Matthew Broderick as the title character, along with Rupert Everett as Dr. Claw, Michelle Trachtenberg as Penny, and Dabney Coleman as Chief Quimby. Three new characters were introduced, Dr. Brenda Bradford (played by Joely Fisher), Mayor Wilson (played by Cheri Oteri) and the Gadgetmobile (voiced by D. L. Hughley). The film tells the story of how Inspector Gadget and Dr. Claw came to be in the cartoon.

[Wikipedia: Paradise Pier] Paradise Pier is a themed land at Disney California Adventure, based on that of Victorian boardwalks that were once found along the coast of California. Despite its name and the presence of a nearby man-made lake, Paradise Pier is not actually a pier, but merely a waterside area of the park. The roller coaster California Screamin' sprawls across much of it, with various other attractions and forms of entertainment scattered around it.

[Wikipedia: Texas hold 'em starting hands] In the poker game of Texas hold 'em, a starting hand consists of two "hole cards", which belong solely to the player and remain hidden from the other players. Five community cards are also dealt into play. Betting begins before any of the community cards are exposed, and continues throughout the hand. The player's "playing hand", which will be compared against that of each competing player, is the best 5-card poker hand available from his two hole cards and the five community cards. Unless otherwise specified, here the term "hand" applies to the player's two hole cards, or "starting hand".

[Wikipedia: Henry Bedford (educator)] Henry Bedford MA(Cantab) (1816-1903) was an English Catholic convert formerly attached to the Oxford Movement, was an educator and writer of many Catholic leaflets. He was born in London on October 1, 1816. In 1835 he went to St. Peter's College, Cambridge where he obtained an MA in Arts and Science. He went to train as a priest in the Church of England serving as assistant curate in Christ Church, Hoxton, and was noted as a preacher. In 1851 converted to Catholicism and in 1852 he moved to Ireland after an offer to join to staff of All Hallows College in Dublin where he lectured as Professor of Natural Science, he also served as treasurer and joined the board of directors. A natural defect in his right hand was a canonical obstacle to his ordination into the church. He continued to teach, and write and be published on a variety of subjects, and also lecture publicly.

[Wikipedia: The Light Princess] The Light Princess is a Scottish fairy tale by George MacDonald. It was published in 1864. Drawing on inspiration from Sleeping Beauty, it tells the story of a princess afflicted by a constant weightlessness, unable to get her feet on the ground, both literally and metaphorically, until she finds a love that brings her down to earth. An animated version was released in 1978. In 2013, a musical version by Tori Amos and Samuel Adamson inspired by the original story was premiered for the Royal National Theatre in London. The stage production featured actress Rosalie Craig as the title character. The musical was generally well-received, enjoyed an extended run in the theatre, and had its cast recording released in 2015. Another musical also titled "The Light Princess" was written by Tony Lawton with music by Alex Bechtel and debuted in April of 2017 at the Arden Theatre Company.

[Wikipedia: James Fraser Mustard] James Fraser Mustard, {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (October 16, 1927 – November 16, 2011) was a Canadian doctor and renowned researcher in early childhood development. Born, raised and educated in Toronto, Ontario, Mustard began his career as a research fellow at the University of Toronto where he studied the effects of blood lipids, their relation to heart disease and how Aspirin could mitigate those effects. He published the first clinical trial showing that aspirin could prevent heart attacks and strokes. In 1966, he was one of the founding faculty members at McMaster University's newly established medical school. He was the Dean of the Faculty of Health Sciences and the medical school at McMaster University from 1972-1982. In 1982, he helped found the Canadian Institute for Advanced Research and served as its founding president, serving until 1996. He wrote several papers and studies on early childhood development, including a report used by the Ontario Government that helped create a province-wide full-day kindergarten program. He won many awards including being made a companion of the Order of Canada – the order's highest level – and was inducted into the Canadian Medical Hall of Fame. He died November 16th, 2011.

[Wikipedia: Ray Milland filmography] This is a filmography of Welsh actor Ray Milland, containing his work in theatrically released motion pictures as well as his extensive television credits. Milland began his film career in United Kingdom in 1929 after serving three years as a guardsman in the Royal Household Cavalry, based in London. After appearing in several British films, he came to the United States in 1930 where he spent several years playing small and supporting roles. Eventually, in 1934, he became a contract player at Paramount Pictures where he established himself as a popular star. Milland remained with Paramount for the next 21 years. During his time with the studio, he developed his persona as a debonair leading man, mainly in drawing-room comedies but also occasionally in adventure and mystery films. In 1945, Milland won the Academy Award for Best Actor for his portrayal of an alcoholic writer in "The Lost Weekend". From there he continued as a leading man well into the 1960s, appearing in several film noirs and occasionally cast as a villain. In 1953, Milland began working in television as both an actor and director. He alternated between the mediums of film and television for the remainder of his career. During the 1960s and 1970s, Milland frequently worked in science fiction and horror films. He also directed himself in four films.

[Wikipedia: Kim Dotson] Kim Dotson is a former national level competitor in taekwondo from Cleveland, Ohio, United States. Kim would win the 1985 World Cup. Kim would win gold at the 1986 PanAmerican Championships. Kim would compete in the 1988 Seoul Olympic Games. and would win Silver at both the 1987 and 1989 World Taekwondo Championships. Kim would serve as a coach for several women in taekwondo.

[Wikipedia: 2011 MLS All-Star Game] The 2011 Major League Soccer All-Star Game, held on July 27, 2011, was the 16th annual Major League Soccer All-Star Game, a soccer match involving all-stars from Major League Soccer. The MLS All-Stars faced Manchester United of the English Premier League for the second year running in the eighth MLS All-Star Game to feature international opposition. Manchester United won the game 4–0 with goals from Anderson, Park Ji-Sung, Dimitar Berbatov and Danny Welbeck.

[Wikipedia: Battle of Berestechko] The Battle of Berestechko (Polish: "Bitwa pod Beresteczkiem" ; Ukrainian: Берестецька битва, Битва під Берестечком ) was fought between the Ukrainian Cossacks, led by Hetman Bohdan Khmelnytsky, aided by their Crimean Tatar allies, and a Polish army under King John II Casimir. It was a battle of a Cossack rebellion in Ukraine that took place in the years 1648–1657 after the expiration of a two-year truce. Fought from 28 to 30 June 1651, the battle took place in the province of Volhynia, on the hilly plain south of the Styr River. The Polish camp was on the river opposite Berestechko and faced south, towards the Cossack army about two kilometers away, whose right flank was against the River Pliashivka (Pliashova) and the Tatar army on their left flank. It was probably the largest European land battle of the 17th century.

[Wikipedia: 1980 Congoleum Classic – Doubles] Gene Mayer and Sandy Mayer were the defending champions and were one of sixteen teams in the second round.

[Wikipedia: Rebecca Makkai] Rebecca Makkai (born April 20, 1978) is an American novelist and short-story writer. Her first novel, "The Borrower", was released in June 2011. It was a "Booklist" Top Ten Debut, an Indie Next pick, an "O Magazine" selection, and one of "Chicago Magazine's" choices for best fiction of 2011. It was translated into seven languages. Her short stories have been anthologized in "The Best American Short Stories" 2008, 2009, 2010 and 2011 and as well as in ″The Best American Nonrequired Reading″" 2009 and 2016; she received a 2017 Pushcart Prize and a 2014 NEA fellowship. Her fiction has also appeared in "Ploughshares", "Tin House", "The Threepenny Review", "New England Review", and "Shenandoah". Her nonfiction has appeared in "Harpers" and on Salon.com and the "New Yorker" website. Makkai's stories have also been featured on Public Radio International's "Selected Shorts" and "This American Life." Her second novel, "The Hundred-Year House", is set in the Northern suburbs of Chicago, and was published by Viking/Penguin in July 2014, having received starred reviews in "Booklist", "Publishers Weekly" and "Library Journal". It won the 2015 Novel of the Year award from the Chicago Writers Association and was named a best book of 2014 by BookPage. Her short story collection, "Music for Wartime", was published by Viking in June 2015. A starred and featured review in "Publishers Weekly" said, "Though these stories alternate in time between WWII and the present day, they all are set, as described in the story “Exposition,” within “the borders of the human heart”—a terrain that their author maps uncommonly well.” "The Kansas City Star" wrote that "if any short story writer can be considered a rock star of the genre, it's Rebecca Makkai."

[Wikipedia: Boise State–Nevada football rivalry] The Boise State–Nevada football rivalry is a college football rivalry between the Boise State Broncos football team of Boise State University and Nevada Wolf Pack football team of University of Nevada, Reno. The game has been played every year since 1971 with the exception of 1978, 1992, 1995, 2000, 2015 and 2016. The game was also played twice in 1990 as the second game was a Division I-AA semifinal playoff game, and to date has been the only post-season game played between the two programs. The series has mostly been a conference match-up, with the exception of the first seven games as well as the 1993, 1994, and 2011 games. Boise State and Nevada have faced each other as conference rivals in four separate conferences - the Big Sky Conference, Big West Conference, Western Athletic Conference and the Mountain West Conference. The two teams have played each other from the NCAA Division II level all the way up to the highest level of college football, NCAA Division I FBS.

[Wikipedia: Mary J. Blige discography] American singer and songwriter Mary J. Blige began her career as a backing vocalist for Father MC in the early 1990s. Her discography as a solo artist began in 1992 and consists of thirteen studio albums, two live albums, two remix albums and over eighty singles—including more than 20 as a featured artist. Blige has sold over 50 million albums and 15 million singles worldwide. In 2009, "Billboard" magazine ranked Blige as the most successful female R&B artist of the past 25 years, while listing her 2006 song "Be Without You" as the top R&B song of the 2000s, as it spent an unparalleled 75 weeks on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart, 15 of them at number one. In 2011, VH1 ranked Blige as the 80th greatest artist of all time. Moreover, she was ranked 100th on the list of "100 Greatest Singers of All Time" by "Rolling Stone" magazine. In 2012, VH1 ranked Blige ninth among "The 100 Greatest Woman in Music" listing.

[Wikipedia: Stoke City F.C. in European football] Stoke City Football Club is an English football club based in Stoke-on-Trent, Staffordshire. The club was founded in 1863 and has competed in the English football league system since 1888. They played in the UEFA Cup in 1972–73 and 1974–75, before qualifying for the tournament in 2011–12 under the new name of UEFA Europa League. The club also entered the Anglo-Italian Cup and the Texaco Cup.

[Wikipedia: First Alliance Bank Zambia Limited] First Alliance Bank Zambia Limited (FABZL), also known as First Alliance Bank (Zambia), is a commercial bank in Zambia. It is one of the commercial banks in the country, licensed by Bank of Zambia, the national banking regulator. , it was one of the five commercial banks in Zambia that did not charge customers ATM fees.

[Wikipedia: Jacob Minah] Jacob Minah (born 3 April 1982) is a decathlete from Germany. He set his personal best in the event (8099 points) on 13 August 2007 at the 2007 Summer Universiade in Bangkok, Thailand, earning him the gold medal. He is a nephew of former vice-president of Sierra Leone, Francis Minah.

[Wikipedia: Dog Fancy] Dog Fancy was a monthly magazine dedicated to dogs, owners of dogs, and breeders of dogs. It was founded in 1970 and was described by its publishing company, BowTie Inc., as "the world’s most widely read dog magazine". BowTie Inc. also published its sister magazine Dog World and "Cat Fancy" for cats and their owners. The editorial office was in Irvine, Calif., and the statement of ownership in the December 2009 issue says the paid circulation was 202,000 copies. In August 2008, it began publishing a quarterly double issue entitled "Natural Dog" on the flip side of "Dog Fancy". In late 2014, I-5 Publishing announced that the monthly magazines "Cat Fancy" and "Dog Fancy" would be cancelled, and replaced with alternating bimonthly issues of "Catster" and "Dogster" beginning in February 2015.

[Wikipedia: Earl of Melville] Earl of Melville is a title in the Peerage of Scotland. It was created in 1690 for the Scottish soldier and statesman George Melville, 4th Lord Melville. He was made Lord Raith, Monymaill and Balwearie and Viscount of Kirkcaldy at the same time, also in the Peerage of Scotland. He married Catherine Leslie, daughter of Alexander Leslie, Lord Balgonie, and granddaughter of Alexander Leslie, 1st Earl of Leven. Lord Melville was succeeded upon his death in 1707 by his eldest surviving son, David, who already in 1681 had succeeded to the earldom of Leven through his mother. The two earldoms have since remained united. For further history of the titles, see Earl of Leven. The title Lord Melville, of Monymaill, was created in the Peerage of Scotland in 1616 for Robert Melville, an Extraordinary Lord of Session under the judicial title Lord Murdochairnie, with remainder to his elder brother, John Melville. He was succeeded by his son, Robert, the second Lord. He was a Lord of Session under the judicial title Lord Burntisland. In 1628 he obtained a regrant of the title with remainder to his heirs general bearing the name of Melville. Lord Melville died childless and was succeeded by his first cousin once removed, John Melville, the third Lord, grandson of the aforementioned John Melville, elder brother of the first Lord. The third Lord was succeeded by his son, the aforementioned fourth Lord, who was created Earl of Melville in 1690.

[Wikipedia: Civil Affairs Staging Area] The Civil Affairs Staging Area (CASA) also known as the Civil Affairs Holding and Staging Area was a combined U.S. Army, U.S Navy military formation authorized by the Joint Chiefs of Staff on June 18, 1944 during World War Two for military government theater planning, training and provision of military government personnel to areas of the Far East liberated from the Empire of Japan, including East China, Formosa and Korea. CASA had two divisions: The Operations and Training Division focused on language instruction and execution of civil affairs duties at a local level. These duties varied greatly and, as an example, included mass feeding of civilians, camp sanitation, provision of medical supplies, containment of epidemic diseases, labor relations and rodent control. The Theatre Planning & Research Division developed plans for military government at a national level such as control of Japan's economic institutions, control of Japan's education system and methods for increasing the overall supply of food throughout, not only Japan, but also previously occupied areas like East China. CASA provided comprehensive training and planning in civil affairs administration to officers coming from six schools of military government established at various universities throughout the United States. Army & Navy personnel trained by CASA numbered in the thousands, with more than 1,000 officers assigned to a wide variety of civil affairs positions for the initial occupation of Japan alone. The goal of the U.S. Army's Civil Affairs Division in the creation of CASA was to replicate the same success in the Far East experienced by the Civil Affairs Division in the European Theatre. General John H. Hilldring ordered Colonel Hardy C. Dillard, Commander of the Civil Affairs Training Division for the European Theater of Operations, to take command of CASA from Colonel William A. Boekel and implement the European Civil Affair's planning and training program. Colonel Dillard was relieved of command on 20 July 1945 by Brigadier General Percy L. Sadler.

[Wikipedia: Astrodome] The NRG Astrodome, also known as the Houston Astrodome or simply The Astrodome, is the world's first multi-purpose, domed sports stadium, located in Houston, Texas. Construction on the stadium began in 1962, and it officially opened in 1965. It served as home to the Houston Astros of Major League Baseball (MLB) from its opening in 1965 until 1999, and the home to the Houston Oilers of the National Football League (NFL) from 1968 until 1996, and also the part-time home of the Houston Rockets of the National Basketball Association (NBA) from 1971 until 1975. Additionally, the Astrodome was the primary venue of the Houston Livestock Show and Rodeo from 1966 until 2002. When opened, it was named the Harris County Domed Stadium and was nicknamed the "Eighth Wonder of the World".

[Wikipedia: Lego Atlantis: The Movie] Lego Atlantis: The Movie is a computer animated comedy film based on the toy line of the same name. It is considered a family film besides the crude humor in the film. It premiered on Cartoon Network in the United States on January 15, 2010, and in Europe on January 25, 2010. It features the characters from the toy line, apart from Bobby Buoy and Axel Storm.

[Wikipedia: Burt Gummer] Burt Gummer is a fictional character, played by actor Michael Gross, from the "Tremors" film series and the short lived SciFi Channel TV program of the same name. Appearing in "Tremors", "", "", "", and most episodes of the TV series, Burt Gummer is a firearms enthusiast and a paranoid survivalist. He and his former wife, Heather Gummer (played by Reba McEntire), were the first persons in the film series to directly kill a Graboid. He has an "overkill" approach to trouble and takes himself deadly seriously. Although he is only the central character in "Tremors 3" and the TV series, his eccentric personality has made him a favorite among Tremors fans and the de facto star of the franchise, along with the vicious Graboids who oppose him. His ancestor, Hiram Gummer (also played by Gross), appears in "". He finds out he has a son Travis B. Welker in Tremors 5 who is the son of the girlfriend he had before he married Heather.

[Wikipedia: Old Dominion–VCU basketball rivalry] The Old Dominion–VCU basketball rivalry is a college sports rivalry between the VCU Rams of Virginia Commonwealth University and the Old Dominion Monarchs of Old Dominion University. It is often regarded as the best college basketball rivalry in the Commonwealth of Virginia.

[Wikipedia: Sharon Gannon] Sharon Gannon (born July 4, 1951 in Washington, D.C.) is a yoga teacher, animal rights advocate, musician, author, dancer/choreographer and painter. Along with David Life, she is the co-founder of the Jivamukti Yoga Method which contributed to the exponential rise in popularity of yoga in the west during the late 20th century. The Jivamukti Yoga Method distinguishes itself as a path to enlightenment by promoting compassion for all beings, challenging the modern belief that enslaving and exploiting animals and the natural world is our right as the dominant species. The Jivamukti Yoga Method teaches its students that they must be willing to promote the happiness of all beings without exception if they wish to realize their fullest capacity for joy. Jivamukti students are encouraged to adopt a diet that eliminates all animal products (vegan) as this is the diet that causes the least amount of harm to the earth and other beings, humans included. Core to the teachings of Jivamukti Yoga is the concept of shunyata or (emptiness) which is found in the ancient yogic scriptures. This idea can be simply stated as: everything you see and experience in the world comes from your perception of it. If you want to change someone or to change the world, you start by changing yourself by changing your views. When you begin to embrace this concept and put it into practice then you cannot find solace in complaining or blaming others. You are freed from seeing yourself as a victim of others or of circumstances. According to Gannon: "How you treat others will determine how others treat you. How others treat you will determine how you see yourself. How you see yourself will determine who you are."

[Wikipedia: Official Journal of the European Patent Office] The Official Journal of the European Patent Office (OJ EPO) is a monthly trilingual publication of the European Patent Office (EPO). It contains "notices and information of a general character issued by the President of the European Patent Office, as well as any other information relevant to [the European Patent Convention (EPC)] or its implementation". The "Official Journal" is published in German, English and French, the three official languages of the EPO. The three texts coexist in the same issue of the journal. The journal is published on the last day of the month.

[Wikipedia: Unbinilium] Unbinilium, also known as eka-radium or simply element 120, is the hypothetical chemical element in the periodic table with symbol Ubn and atomic number 120. "Unbinilium" and "Ubn" are the temporary systematic IUPAC name and symbol, until a permanent name is decided upon. In the periodic table of the elements, it is expected to be an s-block element, an alkaline earth metal, and the second element in the eighth period. It has attracted attention because of some predictions that it may be in the island of stability, although newer calculations expect the island to actually occur at a slightly lower atomic number, closer to copernicium and flerovium.

[Wikipedia: Big Bad Wolf (roller coaster)] Big Bad Wolf was a suspended roller coaster in the Oktoberfest section of Busch Gardens Williamsburg. Designed by Arrow Dynamics, the roller coaster opened to the public on June 15, 1984. The ride was in service for more than 25 years before closing permanently on September 7, 2009. The footers, queue line, and station were re-purposed for Verbolten, a roller coaster that was introduced in 2012.

[Wikipedia: France national under-19 football team] The France national under-19 football team is the national under-19 football team of France and is controlled by the French Football Federation. The team competes in the annual UEFA European Under-19 Football Championship. They were the 2010 champions of the competition having won on home soil. The under-19 team also contests the qualification matches needed to play in the FIFA U-20 World Cup, though the competition is classified as an under-20 tournament.

[Wikipedia: The Two Orphans (1933 film)] The Two Orphans (French:Les deux orphelines) is a 1933 French historical drama film directed by Maurice Tourneur and starring Rosine Deréan, Renée Saint-Cyr and Gabriel Gabrio. The film's sets were designed by the art director Lucien Aguettand. The film was based on the play "The Two Orphans" which had been turned into several films. Tourneur altered the story slightly by moving it forward from the French Revolution to the Napoleonic Era.

[Wikipedia: Saranta Kolones] Saranta Kolones(Greek: Κάστρο Σαράντα Κολώνες, Forty Columns castle ) is a ruined medieval fortress inside the Paphos Archaeological Park and it is located just north of the harbour of Paphos, on the island of Cyprus. It takes its name from the large number of granite columns that were found on the site and probably once formed part of the ancient agora. The Byzantine castle is believed to have been built at the end of the 7th century AD to protect the port and the city of Nea Pafos from Arab raids and later remodeled by the Lusignans. The Fortress had a three-metre thick wall with four huge corner towers and another four intermediary towers along the joining walls and moat surrounding the castle. Access was across a wooden bridge spanning the moat. The square courtyard measured 35 metres long by 35 metres wide, with a tower at each corner. The main entrance was through a fifth, horseshoe-shaped tower on the east side. Destroyed by an earthquake in 1222, the castle was subsequently abandoned.

[Wikipedia: Domitia Lepida the Elder] Domitia ("PIR²" D 171), more commonly referred to as Domitia the Elder -- in fact no ancient source ever calls her Lepida - (ca. 8 BC-June 59) was the oldest child of Antonia Major and Lucius Domitius Ahenobarbus (consul 16 BC), and the oldest granddaughter to Triumvir Mark Antony by Octavia Minor, a great-niece of the Roman Emperor Augustus, second cousin and sister-in-law to the Emperor Caligula, first cousin to the Emperor Claudius, maternal aunt to the Empress Valeria Messalina, and paternal aunt to Emperor Nero. She had two younger siblings: Domitia Lepida and Cn. Domitius Ahenobarbus (cos. AD 32). The date of her birth is not recorded and can be only estimated as no later than 7 BC, but possibly as much as 10 years earlier, if one would allow a long delay between her birth and those of her two siblings.

[Wikipedia: 1999 Galtür avalanche] The Galtür avalanche occurred on 23 February 1999 in the Alpine village of Galtür, Austria. It took less than 60 seconds to hit Galtür. At 50 m high and traveling at 290 km/h , this powder avalanche hit with great force, overturning cars, ruining buildings and burying 57 people. By the time rescue crews managed to arrive, 31 people – locals and tourists – had died. This avalanche was considered the worst Alpine avalanche in 40 years. Three major weather systems originating from the Atlantic accounted for large snowfalls totaling around four meters in the area. Freeze-thaw conditions created a weak layer on top of an existing snow pack; further snow was then deposited on top. This, coupled with high wind speeds, created large snow drifts and caused roughly 170,000 tons of snow to be deposited.

[Wikipedia: Greg Puciato] Gregory John "Greg" Puciato (born March 27, 1980) is the lead singer of the band The Dillinger Escape Plan, The Black Queen, and the metal supergroup Killer Be Killed. He is known for his reckless live performances, wide vocal range, and outspoken views, having caused controversy due to both performances and interviews.

[Wikipedia: Vicecomodoro Ángel de la Paz Aragonés Airport] Vicecomodoro Ángel de la Paz Aragonés Airport (Spanish: "Aeropuerto de Santiago del Estero – Ángel de la Paz Aragonés" ) (IATA: SDE, ICAO: SANE) is located 6 km north-northwest of the center of Santiago del Estero, a city in the Santiago del Estero Province of Argentina. The airport covers an area of 526 hectares (1299 acres) and is operated by "Aeropuertos Argentina 2000 S.A."

[Wikipedia: 1982 PGA Championship] The 1982 PGA Championship was the 64th PGA Championship, held August 5–8 at Southern Hills Country Club in Tulsa, Oklahoma. Raymond Floyd won his second PGA Championship, three strokes ahead of runner-up Lanny Wadkins, the 1977 champion. A few weeks shy of age 40, Floyd shot an opening round 63 (−7) and led wire-to-wire to secure the third of his four major titles. He won his first PGA Championship thirteen years earlier, in 1969.

[Wikipedia: Ordos Ejin Horo Airport] Ordos Ejin Horo Airport (IATA: DSN, ICAO: ZBDS) is an airport serving Ordos City in China's Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region. It is located in Ejin Horo Banner. First built in 1959 and called Dongsheng Airport, the airport ceased operation in 1983. In 2005 the airport was rebuilt at the current site with an investment of 350 million yuan, and re-opened in July 2007.

[Wikipedia: Michael Gambon] Sir Michael John Gambon {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (born 19 October 1940) is an Irish-born English actor who has worked in theatre, television and film. Gambon has played the eponymous mystery writer protagonist in the BBC television serial "The Singing Detective", Jules Maigret in the 1990s ITV serial "Maigret", and Professor Albus Dumbledore in the final six "Harry Potter" films after the death of previous actor Richard Harris. He has won four BAFTA TV Awards and three Olivier Awards.

[Wikipedia: Children of Bodom] Children of Bodom is a Finnish extreme metal band from Espoo. Formed in 1993, the group consists of Alexi Laiho (vocals, lead guitar), Janne Wirman (keyboards), Henkka Seppälä (bass), Jaska Raatikainen (drums) and Daniel Freyberg (rhythm guitar). They have released nine studio albums, two live albums, two EPs, two compilation albums and one DVD.

[Wikipedia: Yorkshire Tea] Yorkshire Tea is a black tea blend produced by The Bettys & Taylors Group. It is the third most popular tea brand in the UK, and was introduced in 1886 by Charles Edward Taylor. Founded as CE Taylor & Co., later shortened to "Taylor's", the company was purchased by rival 'Betty's Tea Rooms' which today forms The Bettys & Taylors Group. Taylor's is still based in Harrogate, Yorkshire, in the first 'Betty's' tea room. The group is still owned by the founder of Betty's' family, Fredrick Belmont and is currently chaired by Lesley Wild. The company is one of the few remaining family tea and coffee merchants in the country, whilst competing with the British-owned PG Tips (Unilever) and Tetley (Tata), where Yorkshire Tea is now the second most purchased tea brand in the UK, overtaking Twinings and Typhoo.

[Wikipedia: 1950 Indianapolis 500] The 34th International 500-Mile Sweepstakes was held at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway on Tuesday, May 30, 1950. The event was part of the 1950 AAA National Championship Trail. It was also race 3 of 7 in the 1950 World Championship of Drivers and paid points towards the World Championship. The event, however, did not attract any European entries for 1950. Giuseppe Farina originally planned to enter, but his car never arrived. The Indianapolis 500 would be included on the World Championship calendar through 1960.

[Wikipedia: EZCorp] EZMONEY Tario Inc is an American pawn shop operator based in Austin, Texas but providing services across Mexico and Canada. It is a publicly traded company listed on the NASDAQ stock exchange and was the second largest pawn shop operator in the U.S.

[Wikipedia: Sam Torr] Samuel Joseph Torr (18491923) was an English music hall comedian who performed in a style known as lion comique. He was known for songs including 'To Be There', 'The Same Old Game', and perhaps most famously of all, 'On the Back of Daddy-O'. In this last song, he would perform dressed in an ingeniously devised life-size dummy with a wicker work frame, on whose back he appeared to be sitting. A popular entertainer, Torr appeared at all the major music hall venues around Britain including Wilton's Music Hall in London

[Wikipedia: Texas Longhorns men's basketball] The Texas Longhorns men's basketball team represents The University of Texas at Austin in NCAA Division I intercollegiate men's basketball competition. The Longhorns currently compete in the Big 12 Conference.

[Wikipedia: Brewton Municipal Airport] Brewton Municipal Airport (FAA LID: 12J) is a city-owned public-use airport located 3 NM south of the central business district of Brewton, a city in Escambia County, Alabama, United States. Originally constructed by the U.S. Navy during World War II as an auxiliary field to the Naval Air Station Pensacola complex, it was later redesignated as Navy Outlying Landing Field (NOLF) Brewton before being conveyed to the city of Brewton as a public use facility. Although under civilian ownership, the airfield still functions concurrently as NOLF Brewton and is used by Navy training aircraft located at Naval Air Station Whiting Field, Florida.

[Wikipedia: Marek Tomaszewski] Marek Tomaszewski (born 20 November 1943 in Kraków) is a Polish pianist. He was one half of the pianist duo Marek and Wacek with Wacław Kisielewski from 1963 until his death on 12 July 1986. He is the father of French music video director David Tomaszewski.

[Wikipedia: Whitney family] The Whitney family is an American family notable for their social prominence, wealth, business enterprises and philanthropy, founded by John Whitney (1592–1673) who came from London, England to Watertown, Massachusetts in 1635. The historic family mansion in Watertown, known as The Elms, was built in 1710.

[Wikipedia: David McMillan (footballer)] David McMillan (born 14 December 1988) is an Irish professional footballer who currently plays for Dundalk in the League of Ireland Premier Division. He has previously played for UCD, St Patrick's Athletic and Sligo Rovers. McMillan has represented Dundalk, St Patrick's Athletic and Sligo Rovers in European competition. He is currently the League of Ireland's all-time leading scorer in the UEFA Champions League and was joint top-scorer in the 2016–17 UEFA Champions League qualifying phase and play-off round. McMillan has also been named League of Ireland Premier Division Player of the Month on three occasions. His older brother, Evan is also a Premier Division footballer and they have been team mates at UCD, St Patrick's Athletic and Sligo Rovers. In addition to playing football, McMillan is also a qualified architect.

[Wikipedia: 1995 Bulgarian Cup Final] The 1995 Bulgarian Cup Final was played at the Vasil Levski National Stadium in Sofia on May 27, 1995, and was contested between the sides of Lokomotiv Sofia and Botev Plovdiv. The match was won by Lokomotiv Sofia.

[Wikipedia: 1st Newcastle Engineers] The 1st Newcastle Engineer Volunteers, later Northumbrian Divisional Engineers, was a Royal Engineer (RE) unit of Britain's Volunteer Force and Territorial Army founded in 1860. Its companies saw action in both World Wars, particularly at the Battle of Rosières and the assault crossing of the River Selle in 1918, and on D-Day in 1944. Its successors continue to serve in today's Army Reserve.

[Wikipedia: 1993 Auburn Tigers football team] The 1993 Auburn Tigers football team represented Auburn University in the 1993 NCAA Division I-A football season. Under first-year head coach Terry Bowden, the team went undefeated with a record of 11–0 and finished #4 in the AP Poll. Due to NCAA probation, Auburn was banned from TV and post-season play, and suffered reduced scholarships. The post-season ban prevented Auburn from playing the SEC Championship and a bowl game. Nonetheless, Auburn was the only major college football team to finish the season undefeated. The National Champions Foundation recognized Auburn as one of its 1993 national champions, however Auburn University only formally recognizes championships for the 1957 Auburn Tigers football team and 2010 Auburn Tigers football team seasons, although the official website for Auburn athletics does highlight the 1993 team.

[Wikipedia: Concord Pavilion] Concord Pavilion (formerly known as Sleep Train Pavilion and Chronicle Pavilion) is an amphitheatre located in Concord, California. It is owned by the City of Concord and operated by Live Nation. The Pavilion has a capacity of 12,500 people and opened in 1975 as the Concord Pavilion. It is used for concerts, local community events (including an annual jazz festival) and local high school graduations.

[Wikipedia: Leni Riefenstahl] Helene Bertha Amalie "Leni" Riefenstahl (] ; 22 August 1902 – 8 September 2003) was a German film director, producer, screenwriter, editor, photographer, actress and dancer.

[Wikipedia: Giovanni Battista Agucchi] Giovanni Battista Agucchi (20 November 1570, Bologna – 1 January 1632) was an Italian churchman, Papal diplomat and writer on art theory. He was the nephew and brother of cardinals, and might have been one himself if had lived longer. He served as secretary to the Papal Secretary of State, then the Pope himself, on whose death Agucchi was made a titular bishop and appointed as nuncio to Venice. He was an important figure in Roman art circles when he was in the city, promoting fellow-Bolognese artists, and was close to Domenichino in particular. As an art theorist he was rediscovered in the 20th century as having first expressed many of the views better known from the writings of Gian Pietro Bellori a generation later. He was also an amateur astronomer who corresponded with Galileo.

[Wikipedia: Fidel Castro in the Cuban Revolution] The Cuban communist revolutionary and politician Fidel Castro took part in the Cuban Revolution from 1953 to 1959. Following on from his early life, Castro decided to fight for the overthrow of Fulgencio Batista's military junta by founding a paramilitary organisation, "The Movement". In July 1953, they launched a failed attack on the Moncada Barracks, during which many militants were killed and Castro was arrested. Placed on trial, he defended his actions and provided his famous "History Will Absolve Me" speech, before being sentenced to 15 years' imprisonment in the Model Prison on the Isla de Pinos. Renaming his group the "26th of July Movement" (MR-26-7), Castro was pardoned by Batista's government in May 1955, who no longer considered him a political threat. Restructuring the MR-26-7, he fled to Mexico with his brother Raul Castro, where he met with Argentine Marxist-Leninist Che Guevara, and together they put together a small revolutionary force intent on overthrowing Batista.

[Wikipedia: The &quot;Human&quot; Factor (1975 film)] The Human Factor is a 1975 drama film directed by Edward Dmytryk and starring George Kennedy and John Mills. It was Dmytryk's final film.

[Wikipedia: 47th National Hockey League All-Star Game] The 47th National Hockey League All-Star Game took place on January 18, 1997, at the San Jose Arena, home of the San Jose Sharks. The final score was Eastern Conference 11, Western Conference 7. This game was originally scheduled for the 1994–95 season, but was cancelled due to the 1994–95 NHL lockout.

[Wikipedia: That Summer (song)] "That Summer" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist Garth Brooks. It was released in April 1993 as the fourth single from his album "The Chase" and also appears on "The Hits", "The Ultimate Hits", "The Limited Series" and "Double Live". It reached number-one on the Billboard Country Charts in 1993. The song was written by Garth Brooks, Pat Alger and Brooks' then-wife Sandy Mahl.

[Wikipedia: 1976 Australian Open – Women's Singles] Evonne Goolagong defeated Renáta Tomanová 6–2, 6–2 in the final to win the Women's Singles title at the 1976 Australian Open. This was Goolagong's 6th straight final at the Australian Open.

[Wikipedia: Die Nibelungen] Die Nibelungen (The Nibelungs) is a series of two silent fantasy films created by Austrian director Fritz Lang in 1924: Die Nibelungen: Siegfried and Die Nibelungen: Kriemhild's Revenge.

[Wikipedia: 2007 Copa América Final] The 2007 Copa América Final was the final match of the 2007 Copa América. It was held on 15 July 2007 in Maracaibo, Venezuela, between Brazil and Argentina. Brazil won 3–0, with goals from Júlio Baptista, a Roberto Ayala own goal and Dani Alves. Brazil won their eighth title, while Argentina could have won their fifteenth.

[Wikipedia: Clianthus] Clianthus, commonly known as kakabeak ("Kōwhai ngutukākā" in Māori), is a genus of flowering plants in the legume family Fabaceae, comprising two species of shrubs native to New Zealand. They have striking clusters of red flowers which resemble the beak of the kākā, a New Zealand parrot. The plants are also known as parrot's beak, parrot's bill and lobster claw - all references to the distinctive flowers. There is also a variety with white to creamy coloured flowers.

[Wikipedia: Malik &amp; the O.G's] Malik & the O.G' s is a spoken-word performance band based in Liverpool. Its founder Malik Al Nasir put the band together in 2006 when he first recorded his poetry to music for his debut album "Rhythms of the Diaspora Vol 1 & 2", which was released in on Mentis Records featuring Gil Scott-Heron and The Last Poets′ Jalal Mansur Nuriddin. Malik produced the album in 2006 and Malik & the O.G's produced a video with Emmy Award winning Director Mitchell Stuart for the song from the album "Africa", an adaptation of one of the poems of the same name in Malik's book "Ordinary Guy".

[Wikipedia: Marzanna] Marzanna (in Polish), Марена (in Russian), Morė (in Lithuanian), Morana (in Czech, Bulgarian, Slovene, Serbian, Bosnian, and Croatian), or Morena (in Slovak and Macedonian), Maslenitsa (in Russia) and also Mara (in Belarusian and Ukrainian), Maržena, Moréna, Mora or Marmora is a Baltic and Slavic goddess associated with seasonal rites based on the idea of death and rebirth of nature. She is an ancient goddess associated with winter's death and rebirth and dreams. In Slavic rites the death of the Goddess Marzanna at the end winter, becomes the rebirth of Spring of the Goddess Kostroma (Russian), Lada, Vesna representing the coming of Spring.

[Wikipedia: Our Alma Mater] "Our Alma Mater" is the alma mater of The College of William & Mary. It was written by James Southall Wilson, a William & Mary alumnus from the class of 1904. Usually, only the first and fourth verses are sung.

[Wikipedia: The Signifying Monkey] The Signifying Monkey: A Theory of African-American Literary Criticism is a work of literary criticism and theory by American scholar Henry Louis Gates Jr. first published in 1988. The book traces the folkloric origins of the African-American cultural practice of “signifying” and uses the concept of Signifyin(g) to analyze the interplay between texts of prominent African-American writers, specifically Richard Wright, Ralph Ellison, Zora Neale Hurston and Ishmael Reed.

[Wikipedia: Old Tassel] Old Tassel (or sometimes Corntassel) (Cherokee language: "Utsi'dsata"), ( died 1788), was "First Beloved Man" (the equivalent of a regional Cherokee chief) of the Overhill Cherokee after 1783. He continuously tried to keep the Cherokee people of the Overhill region out of the Cherokee–American wars being fought at the time between the American frontiersmen and the Chickamauga warriors under Dragging Canoe. He was murdered under a flag of truce while defending his tribe from white settlers.

[Wikipedia: Songs of David Byrne and Brian Eno Tour] The Songs of David Byrne and Brian Eno Tour is a 2008–2009 promotional concert tour of music co-written by David Byrne and Brian Eno with performances by Byrne. In addition to being a retrospective of the duo's collaborations, the tour promoted the album "Everything That Happens Will Happen Today". The musical performers were accompanied by dancers who were choreographed to several songs. Performances were held across the world and later documented on a tour EP and a concert film.

[Wikipedia: Mercedes of Castile] Mercedes of Castile; or, The Voyage to Cathay is a 1840 historical novel by James Fenimore Cooper. The novel is set in 15th century Europe, and follows the preparations and expedition of Christopher Columbus westward to the new world.

[Wikipedia: Murtaza Ahmed Khan] Murtaza A. Khan is a Member of the Legislative Council in the State of Jammu and Kashmir, India. Born in village Narol of Poonch District of the Indian Administered State of Jammu and Kashmir, Murtaza A. Khan is a well known lawyer and widely travelled person. He got bachelor's degree in law from Aligarh Muslim University, Master’s from USA and engaged in legal profession in Canada. After several years of stay in North America, he returned to Jammu and Kashmir and resumed legal profession. He joined Jammu and Kashmir Peoples Democratic Party. headed by former Indian Home Minister Mufti Mohammed Sayeed at its inception in July 1999 as a founder member, authored its Constitution and served it in various capacities. Was elected as Member of the Jammu and Kashmir Legislative Council (Upper House of the State's bicameral legislature) in February 2007. He is leader of PDP's legislature party in the Upper House. He was appointed PDP’s General Secretary in August 2007. Known for his resolute bearing, he commands massive following and support of the Punjabi and Pothwari/Pahari speaking Muslim communities across Jammu and Kashmir.

[Wikipedia: A Letter from Death Row (album)] A Letter from Death Row is the debut solo album by Bret Michaels, the lead singer of the rock band Poison. The album was released August 25, 1998, and is a soundtrack to the movie "A Letter from Death Row" which Bret Michaels wrote, directed and starred in.

[Wikipedia: Brothers of the Head] Brothers of the Head is a 2005 mockumentary featuring the story of Tom and Barry Howe (Harry and Luke Treadaway respectively), conjoined twins living in the United Kingdom. It was based on the 1977 novel of the same name by science fiction writer Brian Aldiss.

[Wikipedia: Murong Wei] Murong Wei (; 350–385), courtesy name Jingmao (景茂), formally Emperor You of (Former) Yan ((前)燕幽帝, posthumous name given by his uncle Murong De, emperor of Southern Yan) was the last emperor of the Xianbei state Former Yan. He became emperor at age 10 and, late in his reign, with powers in the hands of his mother Empress Dowager Kezuhun and his incompetent and corrupt granduncle Murong Ping, was captured by Former Qin's prime minister Wang Meng in 370, ending Former Yan. Later, during the middle of Former Qin's collapse after its defeat at the Battle of Fei River in 383, he tried to join his brother Murong Chong in rebellion and was executed by Former Qin's emperor Fu Jiān in early 385.

[Wikipedia: Truth Thomas] Truth Thomas (born Glenn Edward Thomas in Knoxville, Tennessee) is an African-American singer-songwriter, poet, editor, publisher and founder of Cherry Castle Publishing, LLC. He is the author of "Party of Black" (2006), "A Day of Presence" (2008), "Bottle of Life" (2010), "Speak Water" (2012), winner of the 2013 NAACP Image Award for Outstanding Literary Work - Poetry, and "My TV is Not the Boss of Me" (2013), Jessie Redmon Fauset Book Award Finalist 2014, a children's book, illustrated by Cory Thomas. In the context of his early music career (recording as Glenn Edward Thomas), his first full-length studio album, "Take Love", was produced in 1982 on Capitol Records by "Soul Train" television show creator and host Don Cornelius. In 1992, Thomas officially changed his name from Glenn Edward Thomas to Truth Thomas.

[Wikipedia: Duncan Barrett] Duncan Barrett is a writer and editor who specialises in biography and memoir. After publishing several books in collaboration with other authors, he published his first solo book, "Men of Letters", in 2014. Barrett also works as an actor and theatre director.

[Wikipedia: Pier Luigi de Borgia, 1st duke of Gandía] Pier Luigi de Borgia, 1st duke of Gandía (Spanish: "Pedro Luis de Borja" , Latin: "Petrus Ludovicus de Boria" ) (1458 or 1460–1488 or 1491) was a Valencian noble. Pier Luigi was the son of Cardinal Rodrigo Borgia (later Pope Alexander VI), and half-brother of Cesare Borgia, Gioffre Borgia, Giovanni Borgia and Lucrezia Borgia.

[Wikipedia: David C. Funder] David C. Funder (Ph.D., Stanford University, 1979) is a psychology professor who has written a number of important textbooks and research articles pertaining to the field of personality psychology. Funder resides as the chair of the Psychology department at the University of California, Riverside. He used to be a past editor of the "Journal of Research and Personality", as well as being a former secondary editor of the "Journal of Personality and Social Psychology". Funder has been praised for his studies on personality judgment. He had also published research over the attribution theory and the "delay of gratification".

[Wikipedia: Wrzosówka, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship] Wrzosówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Małogoszcz, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 km north of Małogoszcz, 25 km north of Jędrzejów, and 25 km west of the regional capital Kielce.

[Wikipedia: Victor Prather] Lieutenant Commander Victor Alonzo Prather Jr. (June 4, 1926 – May 4, 1961) was an American flight surgeon famous for taking part in "Project RAM", a government project to develop the space suit. On May 4, 1961, Prather drowned during the helicopter transfer after the landing of the Strato-Lab V balloon flight, which set an altitude record for manned balloon flight which stood until 2012.

[Wikipedia: Eddy Furniss] Wilburn Edward "Eddy" Furniss III (born September 18, 1975) is an American retired professional baseball first baseman and designated hitter. A standout college baseball player for Louisiana State University (LSU), Furniss has been inducted into the College Baseball Hall of Fame, the LSU Athletic Hall of Fame, and the Louisiana Sports Hall of Fame.

[Wikipedia: Hot Tub with Kurt and Kristen] Hot Tub is a weekly variety show hosted by Kurt Braunohler and Kristen Schaal. The show features a mix of alternative comedy from unknown performers to more established comedians. In 2005, Hot Tub was voted “Best Variety Show” by Time-Out New York’s reader poll and has quickly become one of L.A.’s most popular live comedy events. During the first seven years the show saw considerable success at Littlefied's in Brooklyn, New York. In 2013, under the helm of The Super Serious Show producers CleftClips, Hot Tub relocated to the West Coast at The Virgil in Silver Lake, Los Angeles.

[Wikipedia: The Others (2001 film)] The Others (Spanish: "Los Otros" ) is a 2001 Spanish-American supernatural gothic horror film with elements of psychological horror. It was written, directed, and scored by Alejandro Amenábar. It stars Nicole Kidman and Fionnula Flanagan.

[Wikipedia: The Original Astro Boy] The Original Astro Boy is a twenty-issue 1980s comic book series (with one Astro Boy short story in Speed Racer #17) by NOW Comics, based on the original Japanese "Mighty Atom" series by Osamu Tezuka. The series was based mostly on the 1963 Astro Boy anime series, but begun to include elements from the 1980 series in later issues. The comic went through three writers and artists, and embellished the original plotline, despite only covering the first episode of the 1963 series.

[Wikipedia: Municipality of the District of Digby] Digby, officially named the Municipality of the District of Digby, is a district municipality in Digby County, Nova Scotia, Canada. Statistics Canada classifies the district municipality as a municipal district.

[Wikipedia: American Folklore Society] The American Folklore Society (AFS) is the US-based professional association for folklorists, with members from the US, Canada, and around the world, which aims to encourage research, aid in disseminating that research, promote the responsible application of that research, publish various forms of publications, advocate for the continued study and teaching of folklore, etc. The Society is based at Indiana University and has an annual meeting every October. The Society's quarterly publication is the "Journal of American Folklore". The current president is Kay Turner, independent scholar and public folklorist.

[Wikipedia: German Shepherd] The German Shepherd (German: Deutscher Schäferhund , ] ) is a breed of medium to large-sized working dog that originated in Germany. The breed's officially recognized name is German Shepherd Dog in the English language (sometimes abbreviated as "GSD"). The breed is also known as the Alsatian in Britain and Ireland. The German Shepherd is a relatively new breed of dog, with their origin dating to 1899. As part of the Herding Group, German Shepherds are working dogs developed originally for herding sheep. Since that time however, because of their strength, intelligence, trainability, and obedience, German Shepherds around the world are often the preferred breed for many types of work, including disability assistance, search-and-rescue, police and military roles, and even acting. The German Shepherd is the second-most registered breed by the American Kennel Club and fourth-most registered breed by The Kennel Club in the United Kingdom.

[Wikipedia: County Dublin] County Dublin (Irish: "Contae Bhaile Átha Cliath" or "Contae Átha Cliath") is a county in Ireland. Since the abolition of Dublin County Council in 1994, for local government it has been divided into four administrative areas: Dublin city, Dún Laoghaire–Rathdown, Fingal and South Dublin (as numbered 1 to 4 in the figure below). The population of the entire county was 1,345,402 according to the census of 2016. It is conterminous with the Dublin Region and is in the province of Leinster. It is named after the city of Dublin, which is the regional capital and the capital city of Ireland. County Dublin was one of the first parts of Ireland to be shired by John, King of England following the Norman invasion of Ireland.

[Wikipedia: The Apple Dumpling Gang (film)] The Apple Dumpling Gang is a 1975 American comedy-western film produced by Walt Disney Productions about a slick gambler named Russell Donovan (Bill Bixby) who is duped into taking care of a group of orphans who eventually strike gold during the California Gold Rush.

[Wikipedia: Regional District of Okanagan-Similkameen] The Regional District of Okanagan-Similkameen (RDOS) is in southern British Columbia, adjacent to the U.S. state of Washington. It is bounded by Fraser Valley Regional District to the west, Thompson-Nicola Regional District and Regional District of Central Okanagan to the north, Regional District of Kootenay Boundary to the east, and by Okanogan County, Washington to the south. At the 2011 census the population was 80,742. The district covers a land area of 10,413.44 km2 . The administrative offices are in the City of Penticton.

[Wikipedia: Barratt O'Hara] Barratt O'Hara (April 28, 1882 – August 11, 1969) of Chicago was a Democratic U.S. Congressman from Illinois and the last Spanish–American War veteran to serve in congress; born in Saint Joseph, Berrien County, Mich., April 28, 1882; attended the public schools of Berrien Springs and Benton Harbor, Mich.; went to Nicaragua with his father and attended school at San Juan del Norte; at the age of fifteen years enlisted during the Spanish–American War and served as a corporal in Company I, Thirty-third Michigan Volunteer Infantry, at the siege of Santiago; after two years returned to Benton Harbor, Mich., and graduated from high school; reporter, "Benton Harbor Evening News", 1900; attended Missouri University in 1901 and 1902 and Northwestern University in 1909 and 1910; graduated from Chicago-Kent College of Law in 1912; sporting editor of "St. Louis, Mo., Chronicle" in 1902 and the "Chicago American" 1903–1905; editor with "Chicago Chronicle" in 1906, "Chicago Examiner" 1907–1910, and "Chicago Magazine and Sunday Telegram" 1910–1912; Lieutenant Governor of Illinois 1913–1917; chairman of Illinois senate vice and wage investigations 1913–1915; was admitted to the bar in 1912 and commenced the practice of law in Chicago, Ill.; unsuccessful Democratic candidate for the United States Senate in 1915; during the First World War served as a major with the Eightieth and Twelfth Infantry Divisions and later as divisional judge advocate of the Fifteenth Division; president of the Arizona Film Co., in 1916 and 1917; unsuccessful candidate for Governor in 1920, and for Congressman-at-large in 1936 to the Seventy-fifth Congress; radio commentator in Chicago 1933–1935; elected as a Democrat to the Eighty-first Congress (January 3, 1949-January 3, 1951); unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1950 to the Eighty-second Congress; elected to the Eighty-third and to the seven succeeding Congresses (January 3, 1953 – January 3, 1969); unsuccessful Democratic candidate for renomination in 1968; died in Washington, D.C., August 11, 1969; interment in Oak Woods Cemetery, Chicago, Ill.

[Wikipedia: Network Analysis and Ethnographic Problems] Network Analysis and Ethnographic Problems: Process Models of a Turkish Nomad Clan is an anthropological and complexity science book by social anthropologists Douglas R. White, University of California, Irvine, and Ulla Johansen of the University of Cologne. It is considered an important publication in anthropology and the political science of Central Asia.

[Wikipedia: I, Human] I, Human is the second full-length album by Singaporean death metal band, Deus Ex Machina, and the first to feature a permanent vocalist, giving it more uniformity in contrast to The War Inside, which had a different singer for each track. Musically, it is an edgy mixture of Death Metal and Thrash Metal with Melodic death metal and Progressive Metal interjections, coupled with a diversified vocal approach. The lyrical content of the album deals with the future: Cloning. Specifically, questions regarding its use, legality, implications and the possibility of a world full of clones fighting to gain their own identity. The concept is based on Isaac Asimov's novel I,Robot, but also is influenced by other science fiction works such as "Blade Runner", "The 6th Day", "A.I. Artificial Intelligence", and "Warhammer 40,000". Each songs discusses the ethical issues pertaining to cloning, shifting from first person to second person to third person perspective. The band further divulges the mind frame of an unnamed clone character as it gradually realizes it is a clone, upon awaking from what it thought was a dream. In its desire to strive for acceptance as an equal, the band delves into its thoughts, fears and plans and invokes these emotions and transforms them into an aural assault with thought-provoking lyrics.

[Wikipedia: Shiva Mecchida Kannappa] Shiva Mecchida Kannappa (English: Kannappa who was blessed by Shiva) is 1988 Indian Kannada biographical film directed by Vijay. The film is a remake of 1959 film "Bedara Kannappa", the debut film of actor Rajkumar. Produced by Raghavendra Rajkumar, the film is about the life of Kannappa, a hunter who becomes Lord Shiva devotee played by Puneet Rajkumar in younger days and Shivarajkumar in adult life. The rest of the cast includes Geetha, Sarala Devi, C. R. Simha and Rajkumar himself playing a brief cameo role. The film had musical score by T. G. Lingappa and the dialogues and lyrics written by Chi. Udaya Shankar.

[Wikipedia: Jack Garratt] Jack Garratt (born 11 October 1991) is a British singer, songwriter and multi-instrumentalist from Little Chalfont, Buckinghamshire. He released his debut studio album "Phase" on 19 February 2016. At the 2016 Brit Awards he received the Critics' Choice Award.

[Wikipedia: Mossbourne Victoria Park Academy] Mossbourne Victoria Park Academy is a school in Victoria Park, Hackney (London, UK). It is the second school to be named under Mossbourne Academy. The school was created in 2014: the building formerly used by Cardinal Pole Roman Catholic School was first built to drawings by Robert Lewis Roumieu for the French Hospital (La Providence), which opened there in 1865. They have produced year 7's,8's,9's and 10's.

[Wikipedia: Drinking establishment] A drinking establishment is a business whose primary function is the serving of alcoholic beverages for consumption on the premises. Some establishments may also serve food, or have entertainment, but their main purpose is to serve alcoholic beverages. There are different types of drinking establishment ranging from seedy bars or nightclubs, sometimes termed "dive bars", to 5,000 seat beer halls and elegant places of entertainment for the elite. A public house, informally known as a "pub", is an establishment licensed to serve alcoholic drinks for consumption on the premises in countries and regions of British influence. Although the terms are increasingly used to refer to the same thing, there is a difference between pubs, bars, inns, taverns and lounges where alcohol is served commercially. A tavern or pot-house is, loosely, a place of business where people gather to drink alcoholic beverages and, more than likely, also be served food, though not licensed to put up guests. The word derives from the Latin "taberna" and the Greek "ταβέρνα"/taverna.

[Wikipedia: 2001–02 Atlanta Hawks season] The 2001–02 NBA season was the Hawks' 53rd season in the National Basketball Association, and 34th season in Atlanta. In the 2001 NBA draft, the Hawks selected Spain basketball star Pau Gasol with the third pick, but soon traded him to the Memphis Grizzlies for Shareef Abdur-Rahim, then signed free agents Ira Newble and Jacque Vaughn during the offseason. Abdur-Rahim led the Hawks in scoring averaging 21.2 points per game, and was selected for the 2002 NBA All-Star Game. However, Theo Ratliff only played just three games due to an offseason hip injury. The Hawks struggled losing 12 of their 15 games in January as they held a 16–33 record before the All-Star break. However, they played around .500 for the remainder of the season while posting a 9–7 record in March. They showed slight improvement avoiding 50 losses by finishing sixth in the Central Division with a 33–49 record. Following the season, Toni Kukoč was traded to the Milwaukee Bucks, and Vaughn signed with the Orlando Magic.

[Wikipedia: Hello Carter] Hello Carter is a 2013 British comedy-drama film written and directed by Anthony Wilcox and starring Charlie Cox and Jodie Whittaker. The film is based on Wilcox's 2011 short film of the same name. It is also Wilcox's directorial debut.

[Wikipedia: Rajinder Kumar (chemical engineer)] Rajinder Kumar (born 1934) is an Indian chemical engineer and a former professor at the Indian Institute of Science. He is known for his studies on multiphase phenomena and is an elected fellow of the Indian National Science Academy, Indian Academy of Sciences, and the Indian National Academy of Engineering. The Council of Scientific and Industrial Research, the apex agency of the Government of India for scientific research, awarded him the Shanti Swarup Bhatnagar Prize for Science and Technology, one of the highest Indian science awards for his contributions to Engineering Sciences in 1976. He received the third highest Indian civilian award of the Padma Bhushan in 2003. He is also a recipient of Om Prakash Bhasin Award and the VASVIK Industrial Research Award.

[Wikipedia: John Lloyd Wharton] The Right Honourable John Lloyd Wharton PC (18 April 1837 – 11 July 1912) was a Barrister and a Conservative Party politician. He was the Member of Parliament (MP) for Member of Parliament (MP) for City of Durham (UK Parliament constituency) then Member of Parliament (MP) for Ripon (UK Parliament constituency).

[Wikipedia: Liberty Jet Management] Liberty Jet Management (LJM) is an ARG/US Platinum rated, based on Long Island, New York. Liberty Jet Management's principal business office is located at Long Island MacArthur Airport with satellite locations in Boca Raton, FL (KBCT), Dupage, IL (KDPA) Chicago, IL (KMDW), Raleigh, NC. Liberty Jet Management was founded by Daniel Leon and Christian Deputy and gained its FAA certification in November 2006.

[Wikipedia: Margaret Pellegrini] Margaret Pellegrini (nee Williams) (September 23, 1923 – August 7, 2013) was an American actress, vaudeville performer and dancer, best known for playing one of the munchkins from the 1939 film "The Wizard of Oz." Until her death in 2013, she was one of the three surviving munchkins, the other two being Jerry Maren and Ruth Robinson Duccini.

[Wikipedia: Wells Fargo and Company Express Building] The Wells Fargo and Company Express Building was built "circa" 1877 in Silver Reef, Utah. It is one of three surviving structures in Silver Reef, which is now a ghost town. The building housed the offices of the Wells Fargo Company. The structure was built by local masons George Brooks and Ira McMullin of local red sandstone, with finished ashlar masonry by Brooks in the front and coursed rubble stone by McMullin on the other three sides. A parapet surrounds the single-slope roof on the front and sides. The main level is divided into two equal-sized rooms, each with two front entrances and a rear entrance, with a vault on one side. The basement does not connect to the upper levels. It was used as a stable. The Wells Fargo building was used as a mine supply store in the late 19th century, then for a time as the residence of the Colbath family. Its last use was as offices for the Western Gold and Uranium Company, who added a rear porch structure. The building is owned by Washington County.

[Wikipedia: Mark Nelson (actor)] Mark Nelson is an American actor, director and teacher. He appeared on Broadway in "The Invention of Love," "After the Fall" and "Three Sisters" at Roundabout Theatre Company, and the original casts of "A Few Good Men", "Rumors", "Biloxi Blues" and "Amadeus". For his performance as Einstein in Steve Martin's "Picasso at the Lapin Agile" he received the Obie, Drama League, Carbonell and San Francisco Critics Awards. He played Herr Schultz in the 2016 national tour of "Cabaret," and acted off-Broadway in "My Name is Asher Lev" for which he received a Lortel nomination. Other roles include Shylock in "The Merchant of Venice" at The Shakespeare Theater, Uncle Vanya (in Bartlett Sher's production at the Intiman Theatre), Matt in "Talley's Folly" (Berkshire Theatre Festival), Bluntschli in "Arms and the Man" (Long Wharf Theatre) and two solo pieces: "I Am My Own Wife" by Doug Wright (Carbonell Award) and "Underneath the Lintel" by Glen Berger (Connecticut Critics Award). His TV work includes roles on "Unforgettable", “Law & Order” and “Spin City.” He teaches acting at Princeton University and at New York's HB Studio. He has directed at Manhattan Theatre Club, Drama Dept., McCarter Theatre, George Street Playhouse, and Chautauqua Theatre Company, and is a frequent guest director at the Juilliard School. He graduated from Princeton and then studied acting with Uta Hagen. In 2013 he received a Lunt-Fontanne Fellowship.

[Wikipedia: Gioconda Vessichelli] Gioconda Vessichelli (born in Rome, Italy) is an opera singer. Gioconda is the inventor and pioneer of BollywoOPERA style. She has sung in the Bollywood movie "Prague "in 2013, and she has given her voice for the Bollywood movie "Mary Kom" on the song "Ziddi dil" together with Vishal Dadlani.On 19th May 2017 her song "Itni si baat hai" has been released by the label T-series. On 20 December 2014 the song "Thodi Daaru" was released featuring Mika Singh. Gioconda has done live performances as first fusion ever between opera and classical Hindi music with artists of the caliber of Grammy Award winner Sukhwinder Singh, Hari Haran, Gino Banks, Niladri Kumar, Silvaganesha, in festivals and auditoriums like Nehru Centre[20] in Mumbai. She collaborates with Anup Jalota, and many others. On 31 March 2016 her international video "We are one" in which she sings and acts together with Anup Jalota for peace in the world has been launched from the Minister of India in Delhi. She is in the annual book of Italian opera singer for having sung in the first world edition of contemporary opera at "Teatro comunale di Modena", broadcast on Italian state radio RAI. Gioconda is the first singer in the premiere world ever of the contemporary opera “Lavinia fuggita” by Matteo d’Amico. She has two degrees in opera singing and musicology from Italian conservatory "Santa Cecilia" and international high school of opera "H.Wolf". The tenor Luciano Pavarotti has been her teacher, among other opera singers who selected her as one of the best students. She was selected as best singer at accademia rossiniana in Pesaro and she debuts the role of "Madama cortese" in "il viaggio a Reims" by Rossini with the symphonic orchestra of Rof at Rossini theatre in Pesaro. She sings again in a Rossini opera at Ercolano international opera season in "Il barbiere di Siviglia" and at teatro Politeama opera season in Lecce. After Rossini she debuts "Carmen" by Bizet. Her interpretation of the role "Mimì" in the opera "La Boheme" by Puccini received positive critiques.

[Wikipedia: Jesse Bruchac] Jesse Bowman Bruchac (born 1972) is a Native American author and language teacher from the Abenaki tribe. He has dedicated much of his life to studying the Abenaki language and preserving the Abenaki culture. Jesse has also worked extensively with, and taught other Eastern Algonquian languages including the Lenni Lenape, Unkechaug, Shinnecock, Penobscot, Maliseet, Passamaquoddy, Mohegan, Munsee and Unami. He is webmaster of WesternAbenaki.com a free online language learning portal. He has worked as composer for the operetta The Purchase of Manhattan (2015), a translator for the AMC hit show TURN (2014), a short film by Alanis Obomsawin When All the Leaves Are Gone (2010) and as translator, dialect/dialogue coach and composer for the National Geographic movie Saints & Strangers (2015), a film which includes over an hour of translated dialogue in the Western Abenaki language and two months of on set actor training and filming in South Africa with over two dozen actors. He has travelled throughout the United States teaching both the Abenaki language and culture. Abenaki scholar Frederick Matthew Wiseman, author of "The Voice of the Dawn", calls him an "important contributor to the Abenaki Renaissance." He created the first Abenaki language website. When he is not traveling, he works as the treasurer for The Ndakinna Education Center and teaches wilderness survival classes. He also is an active martial artist, skilled in Brazilian jiu-jitsu, isshin-ryū, pentjak silat, and taekwondo.

[Wikipedia: 2006 Generali Ladies Linz – Doubles] Gisela Dulko and Květa Peschke were the defending champions, but competed this year with different partners. Dulko teamed up with Michaëlla Krajicek and lost in first round to Eleni Daniilidou and Jasmin Wöhr, while Peschke teamed up with Francesca Schiavone and had to withdrew in their semifinal match (against Corina Morariu and Katarina Srebotnik) as Schiavone had her right knee injured.

[Wikipedia: Dasein ohne Leben] Dasein ohne Leben – Psychiatrie und Menschlichkeit ("Existence Without Life" – "Psychiatry and Humanity") is a 1942 Nazi propaganda film about the physically and mentally disabled: closeups of disabled persons. The director was Hermann Schwenninger, one of the three managing directors of Gemeinnützige Krankentransport ("Charitable Ambulance"), a front company of Aktion T4, the central institution for the mass murder of patients in the Third Reich. Schwenninger also wrote parts of the screenplay of "Ich klage an". The contract for the film came from Hitler's Chancellery, and was produced by Tobis Film.

[Wikipedia: Sam Houston National Forest] The Sam Houston National Forest, one of four National Forests in Texas, is located 50 miles north of Houston. The forest is administered together with the other three United States National Forests and two National Grasslands located entirely in Texas, from common offices in Lufkin, Texas. The units include Angelina, Davy Crockett, Sabine, and Sam Houston National Forests, plus Caddo National Grassland and Lyndon B. Johnson National Grassland. There are local ranger district offices located in New Waverly.

[Wikipedia: Torc] A torc, also spelled torq or torque, is a large rigid or stiff neck ring in metal, made either as a single piece or from strands twisted together. The great majority are open at the front, although some had hook and ring closures and a few had mortice and tenon locking catches to close them. Many seem designed for near-permanent wear and would have been difficult to remove. Torcs are found in the Scythian, Illyrian Thracian, Celtic, and other cultures of the European Iron Age from around the 8th century BC to the 3rd century AD. For the Iron Age Celts the gold torc seems to have been a key object, identifying the wearer as a person of high rank, and many of the finest works of ancient Celtic art are torcs. The Celtic torc disappears in the Migration Period, but during the Viking Age torc-style metal necklaces, now mainly in silver, came back into fashion. Torc styles of neck-ring are found as part of the jewellery styles of various other cultures and periods.

[Wikipedia: Anne Noë] Annie Ida Jenny Noë Haesendonck (born 13 April 1959) is a Belgian football coach and former international goalkeeper. She won 59 caps for the Belgium women's national football team between 1979 and 1994. When playing for the women's national team, Noë had to wear Jean-Marie Pfaff's old shirts. She stopped playing when she was 35 years old, then became a coach with the Royal Belgian Football Association. In 1999 she was appointed head coach of the national team.

[Wikipedia: Hiatus (30 Rock)] "Hiatus" is the twenty-first and season finale episode of NBC's first season of "30 Rock". It was written by series creator and executive producer Tina Fey, and was directed by Don Scardino. It first aired on April 26, 2007 in the United States. Guest stars in the episode included Katrina Bowden, Kevin Brown, Owen Burke, Grizz Chapman, Matt Dickinson, Rachel Dratch, Brittany Felton, Hannah Flynn, Sean Hayes, Emily Mortimer, Chris Parnell, Portia, Lonny Ross, Justin Smith, Elaine Stritch, Jason Sudeikis and Nikki E. Walker. Lester Holt appeared as himself in this episode.

[Wikipedia: The Panther (poem)] The Panther (subtitled: "In Jardin des Plantes, Paris") is a poem by Rainer Maria Rilke written on 6 November 1902. It describes a captured panther behind bars, as it was exhibited in the Ménagerie of the Jardin des Plantes in Paris. It is one of Rilke's most famous poems and has been translated into English many times, including by many distinguished translators of Rilke, like Stephen Mitchell, C. F. MacIntyre, J. B. Leishman and Walter Arndt,Jessie Lamont and poets like Robert Bly.

[Wikipedia: List of tallest buildings in Adelaide] This list of tallest buildings in Adelaide ranks the tallest buildings in Adelaide, South Australia by height. The tallest building in Adelaide is currently the 31–story Westpac House, which rises 132 m and was completed in 1988, as of October 2013 it is Australia's 115th tallest building. There are numerous projects either underway or planned in Adelaide, if constructed, Frome Central Tower 1 (11-27 Frome Street) would reach 134 m , therefore becoming the city's tallest building. The tallest approved building in Adelaide is the Sofitel Hotel (104-108 Currie Street), which will be 115 m , it is planned to become the city's second tallest building upon completion. Height restrictions–enforced since the 1990s–have limited the amount of skyscrapers constructed in the city although they have been eased in recent times.

[Wikipedia: Lenroy Thomas] Lenroy Thomas (born 13 March 1985) is a Jamaican professional boxer. He is the current commonwealth heavyweight champion after beating Dave Allen via a split decision victory.

[Wikipedia: Dread Pirate Roberts] The Dread Pirate Roberts is a fictional character in the novel "The Princess Bride" (1973) and its 1987 film adaptation.

[Wikipedia: List of Lab Rats characters] "Lab Rats", also known as "Lab Rats: Bionic Island" for its fourth season, is an American television sitcom that premiered on February 27, 2012, on Disney XD. It focuses on the life of teenager Leo Dooley, whose mother, Tasha, marries billionaire genius Donald Davenport. He meets Adam, Bree, and Chase, three bionic superhumans, with whom he develops an immediate friendship. It should be noted that the names of the Lab Rats imply that they were originally known as subjects A, B, C and D. Adam was born first, then Bree, then Chase, and finally Daniel.

[Wikipedia: Mazahua language] The Mazahua language is an indigenous language of Mexico, spoken in the country's central states by the ethnic group that is widely known as the Mazahua but calls itself the Hñatho. It is a Mesoamerican language and has many of the traits of the Mesoamerican Linguistic Area. In 2003, along with some 62 other indigenous languages, it was recognised by a statutory law of Mexico (General Law of Linguistic Rights of the Indigenous Peoples) as an official language in the Federal District and the other administrative divisions in which it is spoken, and on an equal footing with Spanish. The largest concentration of Mazahua is found in the municipality of San Felipe del Progreso, State of México, near Toluca.

[Wikipedia: The Herald-Times] The Herald-Times is a daily newspaper serving Bloomington, Indiana and surrounding areas. The newspaper won the Blue Ribbon Daily award in 1975, 1984 2007, and 2014, naming it the best daily newspaper in the state of Indiana in those years.

[Wikipedia: Factor VII] Factor VII (EC 3.4.21.21 , "blood-coagulation factor VIIa", "activated blood coagulation factor VII", formerly known as proconvertin) is one of the proteins that causes blood to clot in the coagulation cascade. It is an enzyme of the serine protease class. A recombinant form of human factor VIIa (eptacog alfa [activated], NovoSeven) has U.S. Food and Drug Administration approval for uncontrolled bleeding in hemophilia patients. It is sometimes used unlicensed in severe uncontrollable bleeding, although there have been safety concerns. A biosimilar form of recombinant activated factor VII (AryoSeven) is also available, but does not play any considerable role in the market.

[Wikipedia: Canada's Got Talent] Canada's Got Talent is a Canadian reality talent show series that debuted on the Citytv network on March 4, 2012, and part of the global "Got Talent" franchise. The logo used for "Canada's Got Talent" does not follow the logo from "America's Got Talent", but instead follows the logo from "Britain's Got Talent".

[Wikipedia: List of Rutgers University presidents] The President of Rutgers, The State University of New Jersey (informally called Rutgers University) is the chief administrator of Rutgers, The State University of New Jersey. Rutgers was founded by clergymen affiliated with the Dutch Reformed Church in 1766 as "Queen's College" and was the eighth-oldest of nine colleges established during the American colonial period. Before 1956, Rutgers was a small liberal arts college and became a full university in 1924 with the offering of graduate degree programs and the establishment of professional schools. Today, Rutgers is a public research university with three campuses in the state located in New Brunswick and Piscataway, Newark, and Camden. The state's flagship university with approximately 65,000 students and employing 20,000 faculty and staff members, Rutgers is the largest institution for higher education in New Jersey.

[Wikipedia: Joaquín &quot;El Chapo&quot; Guzmán] Joaquín Archivaldo Guzmán Loera (] ; born on 25 December 1954 or 4 April 1957) is a Mexican drug lord who headed the Sinaloa Cartel, a criminal organization named after the Mexican Pacific coast state of Sinaloa where it was formed. Known as "El Chapo" ("Shorty", ] ) for his 168 cm stature, he became Mexico's top drug kingpin in 2003 after the arrest of his rival Osiel Cárdenas Guillén of the Gulf Cartel, and was considered the "most powerful drug trafficker in the world" by the United States Department of the Treasury.

[Wikipedia: Bob Adams (American football)] Robert Bruce "Bob" Adams (born August 15, 1946) is a former professional American football tight end in the National Football League (NFL) and a spokesperson for the Church of Scientology International. He attended El Camino High School during the 1960s, and was encouraged by a coach at the College of San Mateo to play football. He played for a single season at the college, during 1966, while participating in other sports at the school including track-and-field and basketball. A former coach of the College of San Mateo, Doug Scovil, recruited Adams to the College of the Pacific, where he received a full scholarship to play football there. By 1968, he was captain of the team's offense at the school.

[Wikipedia: Ballistic capture] Ballistic capture is a method of achieving orbit around a planet or moon - a spacecraft moving at a lower orbital velocity than the target celestial body is inserted into a similar orbit, allowing the planet or moon to move toward it and gravitationally snag it into orbit around the celestial body with no need for an insertion burn.

[Wikipedia: Karachi Kings in 2016] The Karachi Kings is a franchise cricket team that represents Karachi in the Pakistan Super League. They are one of the five teams that had a competition in the 2016 Pakistan Super League. The team was captained by Shoaib Malik and then by Ravi Bopara, and they stand on fourth position after winning just two matches from their eight matches in the PSL 2016.

[Wikipedia: Hank Zipzer's Christmas Catastrophe] Hank Zipzer's Christmas Catastrophe is a 2016 stand alone British Christmas movie based on the Hank Zipzer series of books by Henry Winkler and Lin Oliver and the TV series airing on CBBC. The film will be airing on CBBC on 12 December 2016. It is written by Joe Williams and is directed by Matt Bloom. The film is produced by Kindle Entertainment in association with Walker Productions and DHX Media with support from Screen Yorkshire’s Yorkshire Content Fund. It is the fourth movie based on a CBBC programme after "", "Shaun the Sheep Movie" and "". It is the second movie based on a CBBC show, which has not been released in cinemas and only shown on TV after ""

[Wikipedia: Prime Minister of Northern Ireland] The Prime Minister of Northern Ireland was the head of the Government of Northern Ireland between 1921 and 1972. No such office was provided for in the Government of Ireland Act 1920, however the Lord Lieutenant, as with Governors-General in other Westminster Systems such as in Canada, chose to appoint someone to head the executive even though no such post existed in statute law. The office-holder assumed the title "Prime Minister" to draw parallels with the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. On the advice of the new Prime Minister, the Lord Lieutenant then created the "Department of the Prime Minister". The office of Prime Minister of Northern Ireland was abolished in 1972, along with the contemporary government, when direct rule of Northern Ireland was transferred to London.

[Wikipedia: When I Was Cool] When I Was Cool: My Life at the Jack Kerouac School is Sam Kashner's autobiographical account of his experience as the first student at the Jack Kerouac School of Disembodied Poetics, which was founded by Allen Ginsberg and Anne Waldman in honor of their late friend, Jack Kerouac. As he describes in his book, Kashner was a disgruntled Long Island teenager in the 1970s who was obsessed with the poetry and prose of the Beat generation of the 1950s.

[Wikipedia: And Winter Came…] And Winter Came... is the seventh studio album from the Irish singer, songwriter and musician Enya, released on 10 November 2008 by Warner Music internationally and 11 November 2008 by Reprise Records in the United States. After recording some new Christmas songs for her fourth extended play, "" (2006), Enya proceeded to write and record a Christmas album of traditional carols and original Christmas songs, but the idea was changed to an album of songs with a Christmas or winter theme. It was recorded in Ireland with her longtime collaborators, arranger and producer Nicky Ryan and his wife, lyricist Roma Ryan.

[Wikipedia: Kunwar Viyogi (poet)] Kunwar Viyogi (4 September 1940 – 2015) christened as Group Captain Randhir Singh Jamwal is the first and only Indian Air Force officer to have received the prestigious Sahitya Akademi Award for his long Dogri poem titled 'Ghar' in 1980. He used 'Ghar' (Home) as a peg and stringed together 238 four lines verses embracing a wide variety of subjects and ideas and feelings into a long poem. He is also the youngest poet in the history of Sahitya Akademi to have been bestowed with such an honour.

[Wikipedia: Life with Derek] Life with Derek is a Canadian television sitcom that aired on Family (English) and VRAK.TV (French) in Canada and on Disney Channel in the United States. The series premiered on Family on September 18, 2005, and ran for four seasons, ending its run on March 25, 2009. Reruns aired on Family Channel and multiplex sister channel Family Chrgd until September 2016. The series stars Michael Seater and Ashley Leggat as the two oldest children in a stepfamily.

[Wikipedia: Lit (band)] Lit is an American rock band, formed in 1995 in Fullerton, California. They are best known for their hit song "My Own Worst Enemy".

[Wikipedia: Killing Joke (1980 album)] Killing Joke is the debut studio album by English rock band Killing Joke. It was released in August 1980 by record label E.G.

[Wikipedia: New York State Route 199] New York State Route 199 (NY 199) is a state highway located in the Hudson Valley of New York in the United States. It extends for 30.91 mi from an interchange with U.S. Route 9W (US 9W) and US 209 north of Kingston to an intersection with US 44 and NY 22 southwest of Millerton. In between, NY 199 crosses over the Hudson River by way of the Kingston–Rhinecliff Bridge and passes through the communities of Red Hook and Pine Plains. NY 199 meets US 9 in Red Hook and the Taconic State Parkway midway between Red Hook and Pine Plains.

[Wikipedia: Disney Renaissance] In the history of The Walt Disney Company, the Disney Renaissance refers to the era from 1989 to 1999 during which Walt Disney Feature Animation (renamed Walt Disney Animation Studios in 2006) experienced a creative resurgence in producing successful animated films based on well-known stories, which restored public and critical interest in The Walt Disney Company as a whole. During this era, the studio produced and released ten animated films: "The Little Mermaid" (1989), "The Rescuers Down Under" (1990), "Beauty and the Beast" (1991), "Aladdin" (1992), "The Lion King" (1994), "Pocahontas" (1995), "The Hunchback of Notre Dame" (1996), "Hercules" (1997), "Mulan" (1998) and "Tarzan" (1999).

[Wikipedia: Modest Mouse] Modest Mouse is an American rock band formed in 1992 in Issaquah, Washington (a suburb of Seattle), and currently based in Portland, Oregon. The founding members are lead singer/guitarist Isaac Brock, drummer Jeremiah Green, and bassist Eric Judy. Strongly influenced by groups Pavement, the Pixies, XTC, and Talking Heads, the band rehearsed, rearranged, and recorded demos for almost two years before finally signing with small-town indie label, K Records, and releasing numerous singles. Since the band's 1996 debut album, "This Is a Long Drive for Someone with Nothing to Think About", the group's lineup has centered on Brock and Green. Judy performed on every Modest Mouse album until his departure in 2012. Guitarist Johnny Marr (formerly of the Smiths) joined the band in 2006, shortly following percussionist Joe Plummer (formerly of the Black Heart Procession) and multi-instrumentalist Tom Peloso, to work on the album "We Were Dead Before the Ship Even Sank". Guitarist Jim Fairchild joined the band in 2009. The band's sixth album, "Strangers to Ourselves", was released on March 17, 2015.

[Wikipedia: Jimmy Rolfe] James Rolfe, (born 8 February 1932) is a former professional footballer. Predominantly an outside right, Rolfe was also known for his versatility which allowed him to play in many different positions for the likes of Liverpool, Chester and Crewe Alexandra.

[Wikipedia: Count von Count] Count von Count, often known simply as "the Count" or "Count Count", is one of the Muppet characters on "Sesame Street". The Count is a vampire modeled after Bela Lugosi's interpretation of Count Dracula.

[Wikipedia: Aquaculture Research] Aquaculture Research is a peer-reviewed academic journal on fisheries science and aquaculture published by John Wiley & Sons since 1970. The journal is abstracted and indexed in the Science Citation Index, Scopus, AGRICOLA, Biosis, Food Science & Technology Abstracts, Academic Search Premier, and Geobase. According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal has a 2014 impact factor of 1.376, ranking it 25th out of 52 journals in the category "Fisheries". Starting as "Fisheries Management" in 1970, the journal changed names in 1985 to "Aquaculture and Fisheries Management" and to "Aquaculture Research" in 1995.

[Wikipedia: Jak X: Combat Racing] Jak X: Combat Racing (Jak X in Europe, Australia and Africa) is a vehicular combat game video game developed by Naughty Dog and published by Sony Computer Entertainment for the PlayStation 2. The game was developed for 11 months with a budget of $10 million, and was first released in North America on October 18, 2005, then in Australia on October 26, 2005 and then in Europe on November 4, 2005. This is the fourth installment into the "Jak and Daxter" series, and the last "Jak and Daxter" game developed by Naughty Dog.

[Wikipedia: Free Press (magazine)] Free Press was a short-lived but well-attempted and widely circulated, monthly magazine in Malayalam language published from Dehli between 2003 and 2006. At 23, Vinod K. Jose became one of the youngest editor-in-chiefs of any current affairs registered magazine in India when he started "Free Press". "Free Press" was the first publication to have initiated the concept of citizen journalism in Kerala.

[Wikipedia: Kume no Heinai-dō] Kume no Heinai-dō (久米平内堂 ) is a small folk shrine located in Asakusa in Taitō, Tokyo. The shrine houses a stone statue of Kume no Heinai, a samurai from the early Edo period (17th century). According to the Asakusa tourism bureau, there are few facts about the life of Kume no Heinai, but he is said to have died in 1683. Oral tradition holds that Heinai excelled in Kenjutsu, the martial art of swordsmanship, killing many people over the years. In the latter half of his life, he is said to have lived in the Sensō-ji temple in Asakusa where he devoted himself to Zen-Buddhism and held religious services in honor of the people he killed. Shortly before his death he ordered his followers to carve his likeness on a stone and bury it near the Niōmon – the entrance to the Buddhist temple and a busy district in the city. His wish was to have his statue be stepped on by as many people as possible in order to expiate the crimes he committed in life. The statue was eventually retrieved and is now stored inside the shrine itself. It is because of this that the shrine initially carried the name "Fumitsuke" (踏みつけ ) , which means "to tread on", but over time the meaning was lost and the shrine's name came to be spelled 文付け, which means "love letter". Both words are pronounced "Fumitsuke" and the shrine is now worshipped by the general public as a deity of marriage and match-making. Kume no Heinai-dō was destroyed in March 1945 during World War II. The current temple was rebuilt in October 1978.

[Wikipedia: Obafemi Martins] Obafemi Akinwunmi Martins (born 28 October 1984) is a Nigerian footballer who plays as a forward for Shanghai Greenland Shenhua. He is known for his speed on the ball.

[Wikipedia: Dave Wyndorf] David Albert Wyndorf (October 28, 1956) is the songwriter, lead vocalist, and a guitarist for the American rock group Monster Magnet. He is the frontman and only remaining original member of the band.

[Wikipedia: Contract with the World] Contract With the World is a 1980 novel written by Canadian author Jane Rule. The story takes place in Vancouver, British Columbia, in the mid-1970s, and is divided in six parts, each focusing on the perspective of a different character. Themes of artistic motivation, personal fulfilment, and sexual politics are present throughout.

[Wikipedia: Liam de Young] Liam de Young is an Australian field hockey player. He played club hockey for St Andrew's. He is a member of Australia men's national field hockey team, winning a gold medal with the team at the 2002 Commonwealth Games, a gold medal at the 2004 Summer Olympics, a bronze medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics and another bronze medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

[Wikipedia: 1969 in film] The year 1969 in film involved some significant events, with "Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid" dominating the U.S. box office and becoming one of the highest-grossing films of all time and "Midnight Cowboy", a film rated X, winning the Academy Award for Best Picture.

[Wikipedia: What Would Joey Do?] What Would Joey Do? is a 2003 novel in a series by Jack Gantos about the character, Joey Pigza. The title is a play on the Christian phrase "What would Jesus do?", which Mrs. Lapp, Joey's homeschooling tutor, asks him at her doorstep on every visit. The phrase is also a mirror to Joey's own trouble-filled life, as to which choice would be the best for "mopping up the messy corners of his life."

[Wikipedia: Vector 13] Vector 13 is a comic strip published in the British magazine "2000 AD". It featured the eponymous agency set up to investigate anomalous phenomena and conspiracy theories. It was influenced by American TV drama "The X-Files" (which was at the height of its popularity at the time) and other events like the 1995 release of the alien autopsy film; as the general interest in the paranormal and parapolitics waned, the series was wound up and replaced by "Pulp Sci-Fi" as a venue for single issue self-contained stories. In turn it foreshadowed other comics series dedicated to similar agencies, such as Caballistics, Inc. and the Bureau of Paranormal Research and Defense.

[Wikipedia: Allumette: A Fable] Allumette; A Fable, with Due Respect to Hans Christian Andersen, the Grimm Brothers, and the Honorable Ambrose Bierce, by Tomi Ungerer, was originally published in 1974. It is a "reimagining" of "The Little Match Girl" by Hans Christian Andersen. The book's extended title references Andersen, for "The Little Match Girl", as well as fairy tale authors the Brothers Grimm, and satirist Ambrose Bierce. The book was initially published in 1974, and carried in the United States by Parents' Magazine Press and Scholastic, both bargain retailers. It was also briefly reprinted in 1986, but has since gone out of print again.

[Wikipedia: Benito Mussolini] Benito Amilcare Andrea Mussolini ( ; ] ; 29 July 1883 – 28 April 1945) was an Italian politician, journalist and leader of the National Fascist Party ("Partito Nazionale Fascista"; PNF), ruling the country as Prime Minister from 1922 to 1943—constitutionally until 1925, when he dropped all pretense of democracy and set up a legal dictatorship.

[Wikipedia: Deadly Earnest] Deadly Earnest was a late-night horror host active on Australian television between 1961–78. Originated as a live (pre-video machine) host of a horror film package for Perth's TVW-7 by 1961, the character was most active between 1966 and 1972 when adopted by the 0-10 Network. Broadcast weekly, "Deadly Earnest's Aweful Movies" featured mainly b-grade horror movies introduced by local actors with a tongue-in-cheek characterization. The program was renowned for screening low-budget B-grade (or worse) supernaturally themed cinema, even going so far as to present the Worst Movie of the Year on at least one occasion.

[Wikipedia: 1956 Arizona State Sun Devils football team] The 1956 Arizona State Sun Devils football team was an American football team that represented Arizona State College (later renamed Arizona State University) in the Border Intercollegiate Athletic Association (BIAA) during the 1956 college football season. In their second season under head coach Dan Devine, the Sun Devils compiled a 9–1 record (2–1 against BIAA opponents) and outscored their opponents by a combined total of 306 to 83. Assistant Coaches were Tom Fletcher, Frank Kush, Al Onofrio, & Gordon Serr. Arizona State's team captain was WR Charlie Mackey. The Sun Devils finished (5-1) at home and (4-0) on the road. All home games were played at Goodwin Stadium in Tempe, Arizona.

[Wikipedia: Uff Yeh Mohabbat] Uff Yeh Mohabbat (Urdu: ‎ ) is a 2014 Pakistani romantic drama serial airing on Geo TV. It is written by Faiza Iftikhar, directed by Amin Ali and is a production of A&B Entertainment. The drama was first aired 19 January 2014 on Geo TV starring Goher Mumtaz as Sameer, Jugan Kazim as Ghazal, Meharbano as Dilkash, Hina Bayat as Firdous, Mnazoor Qureshi as Nana and others. The story revolves around two characters Sameer and Dilkash. Sameer is a mature guy who loves music, he will be appointed as a music teacher in the school where Dilkash is studying. Dilkash is a very lively and immature girl who hasn’t experienced any difficulties in life and eventually she will fall madly in love with her music teacher. Retitled as Guitar Se Piyaar, it also aired in India on Zindagi.

[Wikipedia: Wangaratta Wahine] Wangaratta Wahine is an album by Australian band The Captain Matchbox Whoopee Band, released in 1974 and was their second album. It was recorded at top recording studio Armstrong Studios in Melbourne and the cover art was by famed Australian artist Michael Leunig.

[Wikipedia: Martin McCann (actor)] Martin "Marty" McCann (born 20 July 1983) is an actor from Northern Ireland.

[Wikipedia: The Wanting Seed] The Wanting Seed is a dystopian novel by the English author Anthony Burgess, written in 1962.

[Wikipedia: Habra railway station] Habra railway station is a station of Eastern Railway. It is 45 km away from Sealdah railway station and 23 km from Barasat on the Sealdah-Bangaon branch line of Eastern Railway. It is part of the Kolkata Suburban Railway system. Habra, Gobordanga,Thakurnagar and Bangaon local connects this city to Sealdah Station and other stations of the Sealdah-Bangaon branch line. Habra Station Road is directly connected on NH 35 (Jessore Road).It is a major railway station between bangaon and barasat railway station

[Wikipedia: Music of Ohio] The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and the Rhythm and Blues Music Hall of Fame are located in Cleveland, Ohio. Ohio musicians inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame include, The Isley Brothers (from Cincinnati) in '92, The Moonglows (from Cleveland) in 2000, The O'Jays (from Canton) in '05, Chrissie Hynde (from Akron) of The Pretenders in '05, and Bobby Womack (from Cleveland) (d.2014) in '09. This state is also the home of four major symphony orchestras which are located in Cleveland, Akron, Cincinnati, and Dayton as well as a "pops" orchestra, the Cincinnati Pops.

[Wikipedia: Trilogy: The Weeping Meadow] Trilogy: The Weeping Meadow (Greek: Τριλογία: Το λιβάδι που δακρύζει) is an award-winning 2004 Greek romantic historical drama film, written and directed by Theo Angelopoulos. It stars Alexandra Aidini, Thalia Argyriou, Giorgos Armenis, Vasilis Kolovos and Nikos Poursanidis, and was released during the 2004 Berlin International Film Festival, on 11 February 2004. It is the first film of a projected trilogy about recent events in Greek history. "The Dust of Time" (2008) is the second film of the trilogy. In January 2012, Angelopoulos died unexpectedly, leaving the trilogy uncompleted.

[Wikipedia: When Patty Went to College] When Patty Went to College is Jean Webster's first novel, published in 1903. It is a humorous look at life in an all-girls college at the turn of the 20th century. Patty Wyatt, the protagonist of this story is a bright, fun loving, imperturbable girl who does not like to conform. The book describes her many escapades on campus during her senior year at college. Patty enjoys life on campus and uses her energies in playing pranks and for the entertainment of herself and her friends. An intelligent girl, she uses creative methods to study only as much as she feels necessary. Patty is, however, a believer in causes and a champion of the weak. She goes out of her way to help a homesick freshman Olivia Copeland who believes she will be sent home when she fails three subjects in the examination.

[Wikipedia: Doug Basham] Lyle Douglas "Doug" Basham Jr. (born May 12, 1971) is an American professional wrestler, He is best known for his appearances with World Wrestling Entertainment between 2002 and 2007, and Total Nonstop Action Wrestling under the ring name Basham in 2007.

[Wikipedia: Joseph Wild] Joseph Wild (also Wilde) (c.1759 or 1773–1847) was an early explorer of Australia. He was sentenced on 21 August 1793 in Chester for burglary, together with his brother, George. Both were transported to Australia as convicts in 1797, arriving in Port Jackson (Sydney) on the ship the "Ganges" on 2 June (George died in 1812). He was under the charge of physician and pastoralist Charles Throsby and together they later became explorers in southern New South Wales. In particular they were the first Europeans to explore the area that became the Australian Capital Territory and Wild was credited with the discovery of Lake George. In 1810 he received a ticket of leave, and in January 1813 he was granted a conditional pardon. On 9 December 1815 Wild was appointed first Constable of the Five Islands District (now Illawarra). During the next few years he accompanied Throsby on many expeditions throughout New South Wales. In 1819 he was granted 100 acre in Sutton Forest for services for Throsby and in 1821 he was appointed constable of the County of Argyle. It is said that he and his wife Elizabeth had a large family. He died on 25 May 1847 when he was gored by a bull at Wingecarribee Swamp. He was the first person to be buried behind the church in the Bong Bong Cemetery, Moss Vale, New South Wales.

[Wikipedia: Opportunistic mobile social network] Opportunistic mobile social networks are a form of mobile ad hoc networks that exploit the human social characteristics, such as similarities, daily routines, mobility patterns, and interests to perform the message routing and data sharing. In such networks, the users with mobile devices are able to form on-the-fly social networks to communicate with each other and share data objects.

[Wikipedia: Segregated Runge-Kutta methods] The Segregated Runge-Kutta (SRK) method is a family of IMplicit-EXplicit (IMEX) Runge-Kutta methods that were developed to approximate the solution of Differential Algebraic Equations (DAE) of index 2.

[Wikipedia: The Legend of 1900] The Legend of 1900 (Italian: La leggenda del pianista sull'oceano , The Legend of the Pianist on the Ocean) is a 1998 Italian drama film directed by Giuseppe Tornatore and starring Tim Roth, Pruitt Taylor Vince and Mélanie Thierry. It was Tornatore's first English-language film. The film is inspired by "Novecento", a monologue by Alessandro Baricco. The film was nominated for a variety of awards worldwide, winning several for its soundtrack.

[Wikipedia: Brenda Bennett] Brenda Bennett (born Brenda Elizabeth Claire Siobhan; 24 January 1962) is a British-American singer from Scotland. She is best known as a member of the American group Vanity 6 who married the musician Prince's set-designer Roy Bennett, and then became Prince's "wardrobe mistress." She started off in a CBS Records band called Ken Lyon and Tombstone which toured with Mott the Hoople and Queen. Years later, through Roy Bennett, Prince gave her a "tough-girl, cigarette-smoking" persona and enlisted her in a girlgroup, Vanity 6, that he was attempting to create in 1982.

[Wikipedia: 2013 Florida Atlantic Owls football team] The 2013 Florida Atlantic Owls football team represented Florida Atlantic University in the 2013 NCAA Division I FBS football season. The Owls were led by at the start of the season by second-year head coach Carl Pelini. However Pelini and defensive coordinator Rekstis resigned on October 30 after admitting they were at a local party where pot was served. Brian Wright was promoted and made interim head coach for the remainder of the season. The Owls played their home games at FAU Stadium. This season was the Owls' first as a member of Conference USA in the East Division.

[Wikipedia: Nationality] Nationality is a legal relationship between an individual person and a state. Nationality affords the state jurisdiction over the person and affords the person the protection of the state. What these rights and duties are vary from state to state.

[Wikipedia: Yunnan Hongta F.C.] Yunnan Hongta (Simplified Chinese: 云南红塔) was a football club who played in the Chinese Jia-A League who were founded by the Shenzhen Jinpeng Group in 1996 and named Shenzhen Jinpeng (Simplefied Chinese: 深圳金鹏). The club predominantly played within the lower leagues until they were sold to the Yunnan Hongta Group, a tobacco producer who renamed the team Yunnan Hongta and moved the club to Kunming to play in the Tuodong Stadium. Yunnan Hongta would win promotion to the Chinese Jia-A League in the 1999 league season where they remained until Chongqing Lifan bought then merged the teams in 2003.

[Wikipedia: Big 12 Conference Softball Tournament] The Big 12 Softball Tournament (sometimes known simply as the Big 12 Championship) was the conference championship tournament in college softball for the Big 12 Conference (Big 12). Since its inception in 1996, the tournament was played at ASA Hall of Fame Stadium in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. The winner received the conference's automatic bid to the NCAA Division I Softball Tournament. The Big 12 stopped holding a postseason conference tournament after the 2010 competition. In 2017, the Big 12 Conference stated that they would be holding a tournament starting in 2017. The tournament will still be hosted at ASA Hall of Fame Stadium in Oklahoma City.

[Wikipedia: Grand Central–42nd Street (New York City Subway)] Grand Central–42nd Street is a major station complex of the New York City Subway. Located in Midtown Manhattan at the intersection of Park Avenue and 42nd Street, with parts of the station extending east to Lexington Avenue, it is the second busiest station in the 425 -station system, with 46,121,509 passengers in 2016; only the Times Square station complex has more riders. It serves trains on the IRT Lexington Avenue Line, the IRT Flushing Line and the 42nd Street Shuttle, making it an all-IRT transfer point. The stations of the complex lie next to and beneath Grand Central Terminal, which serves all Metro-North Railroad lines east of the Hudson River.

[Wikipedia: Dzvinia Orlowsky] Dzvinia Orlowsky is a Ukrainian American poet, translator, editor, and professor. She is author of five poetry collections including "Convertible Night, Flurry of Stones" (Carnegie Mellon University Press, 2009) and her most recent, "Silvertone "(Carnegie Mellon University Press, 2013)" ." She is co-winner of the Sheila Motton Book Award. Her first collection, "A Handful of Bees", was reprinted in 2009 as a Carnegie Mellon University Classic Contemporary.

[Wikipedia: Jerry Orbach] Jerome Bernard "Jerry" Orbach (October 20, 1935 – December 28, 2004) was an American actor and singer, described at the time of his death as "one of the last" bona fide" leading men of the Broadway musical and global celebrity on television" and a "versatile stage and film actor".

[Wikipedia: Hrant Shahinyan] Hrant Shahinyan (Armenian: Հրանտ Շահինյան ) (July 30, 1923 – May 29, 1996) also known as Grant Shaginyan was a Soviet Armenian gymnast. Specializing in the still rings and pommel horse, he is a two-time Olympic Champion, two-time World Champion and seven-time USSR Champion.

[Wikipedia: Italian Armed Forces] The Italian Armed Forces (italian: "Forze armate italiane") encompass the Italian Army, the Italian Navy and the Italian Air Force. A fourth branch of the armed forces, known as the Carabinieri, take on the role as the nation's military police and are also involved in missions and operations abroad as a combat force. Despite not being a branch of the armed forces, the Guardia di Finanza is part of the military and operates a large fleet of ships, aircraft and helicopters, enabling it to patrol Italy's waters and to eventually participate in warfare scenarios. These five forces have military status and are all organized along military lines, comprising a total of 350,000 men and women with the official status of active military personnel. The President of the Italian Republic heads the armed forces as the President of the High Council of Defence established by article 87 of the Constitution of Italy. According to article 78, the Parliament has the authority to declare a state of war and vest the necessary powers in the Government.

[Wikipedia: Ankahee (2006 film)] Ankahee (Hindi: अनकही, Urdu: انکہی, English: "Untold") is an Indian film directed by Vikram Bhatt and starring Aftab Shivdasani, Ameesha Patel and Esha Deol. The film was originally titled "Aakhir". This movie was based upon the life of former Miss Universe Sushmita Sen, who was publicly in a relationship with Indian film director Vikram Bhatt. The director later denied the facts, but the movie evolves around the same story.

[Wikipedia: Sullivan County, New Hampshire] Sullivan County is a county located in the U.S. state of New Hampshire. As of the 2010 census, the population was 43,742, making it the second-least populous county in New Hampshire. Its county seat is Newport.

[Wikipedia: Olive Gilbert] Olive Sarah Gilbert (22 November 1898 – 19 February 1981) was a British singer and actress, who, in a career spanning seven decades, performed first in opera and then in many of Ivor Novello's musicals in London's West End.

[Wikipedia: 1999–2000 NHL season] The 1999–2000 NHL season was the 83rd regular season of the National Hockey League. Twenty-eight teams each played 82 games. This was the first season played in which teams were awarded a point for an overtime loss. The New Jersey Devils defeated the defending champion Dallas Stars for their second Stanley Cup championship. During the regular season, no player reached the 100-point plateau, the first time this had happened in a non-lockout season since the 1967–68 season. Also, in the 2000 Stanley Cup playoffs, the New Jersey Devils overcame a three games to one deficit against the Philadelphia Flyers to win the Eastern Conference Finals. This was the first time that this had happened this late in the playoffs also since the 1967–68 season.

[Wikipedia: Honda Capa] The Honda Capa, with the Honda series code GA4 and GA6, is a supermini MPV five-door hatchback produced by Honda between 1998 and 2002. It was introduced at the 1997 Tokyo Motor Show as the concept car "J-MW." It was introduced for retail sale April 24, 1998. The only engine the Capa had was the 98 hp 1.5L Honda engine, the D15B, with either a 4-speed automatic transmission (front-wheel drive only) or a CVT called "Multimatic S". September 16, 1999 a 4WD version of the Capa was released, using Honda's Full-Time four-wheel-drive system. Brake Assist was offered as standard equipment. Due to disappointing sales the Capa, short for "capacity", it was discontinued and replaced by the Honda Mobilio and Honda Fit. It was sold in Japan at two Honda dealership sales channels "Honda Primo", and "Honda Verno".

[Wikipedia: Allan Cup Hockey West] The Allan Cup Hockey West (ACHW) is a multi-tier Canadian Senior ice hockey league based in Alberta, currently made up of five Senior AAA teams. The ChHL is one of two Allan Cup eligible ice hockey leagues currently operating in Canada; the other is Ontario's Allan Cup Hockey. Since the beginning of the 1998-99 season, the Chinook League has produced four Allan Cup National Champions: the 1999 Stony Plain Eagles, and the 2009, 2013 and 2016 Bentley Generals. The Stony Plain Eagles and the Lacombe Generals are tied for the most playoff championship wins at 10 each. Stony Plain collected 8 consecutive titles from 1998 to 2005 while the Generals recently earned their 9th consecutive title dating back to 2009. The two teams met in the championship series for the last two seasons, with the Generals winning the best of seven challenge in 5 games and 6 games respectively.

[Wikipedia: International Polytechnic High School] International Polytechnic High School, commonly abbreviated merely as iPoly, is a public college preparatory demonstration high school (9-12) located on the California State Polytechnic University, Pomona (Cal Poly Pomona) campus and operated by the Los Angeles County Office of Education (LACOE) in conjunction with the College of Education and Integrative Studies at the university. iPoly's curriculum is fully accredited by the Western Association of Schools and Colleges and is approved by the University of California and California State University. It maintains a unique affiliation with the Los Angeles County High School for the Arts (LACHSA), which is also run by LACOE. Since iPoly does not lie in a fixed school district, it draws students from throughout Los Angeles, San Bernardino, Orange and Riverside counties. The majority of students come from the Pomona and San Gabriel valleys. In 2009 and 2013, iPoly was honored as a California Distinguished School by the California Department of Education.

[Wikipedia: Dusty Drake (album)] Dusty Drake is the self-titled debut album of American country music artist Dusty Drake. Released in 2003 (see 2003 in country music), it is also his only studio album to be released. The tracks "And Then", "One Last Time", and "Smaller Pieces" were all released as singles, peaking at #57, #26, and #50, respectively, on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs charts that year. The album itself reached #30 on the Top Country Albums charts, and #22 on Top Heatseekers. "The Hard Way" was covered by John Waite on his 2006 album "".

[Wikipedia: McLean station] McLean (preliminary name Tysons East, Tysons–McLean) is a Washington Metro station in Fairfax County, Virginia, on the Silver Line. The station is located in Tysons Corner, with a McLean postal address. It began operation on July 26, 2014.

[Wikipedia: Austral Líneas Aéreas] Cielos del Sur S.A., operating as Austral Líneas Aéreas, more commonly known by its shortened name Austral, is a domestic airline of Argentina, the sister company of Aerolíneas Argentinas. It is the second largest domestic scheduled airline in the country, after Aerolíneas Argentinas itself. As a subsidiary of Aerolíneas Argentinas, the company shares its headquarters with that airline, which is located in the Aeroparque Jorge Newbery of Buenos Aires, the main base of operations of the company.

[Wikipedia: Bull Hill] Bull Hill, also known as Mount Taurus, is a mountain north of the village of Cold Spring on the Hudson River in Putnam County in the State of New York. It is part of the river-straddling range known as the Hudson Highlands. The original name came after a bull that used to terrorize the mountain was chased by indignant inhabitants. A hunting party drove the bull over the hill. In an attempt to flee the mountaineers, the bull plunged out into space and fell down. Its broken and shapeless mass on the rocks was memorialized in the name of the mountain the bull used to haunt.

[Wikipedia: Seven Days Battles] The Seven Days Battles were a series of six major battles over the seven days from June 25 to July 1, 1862, near Richmond, Virginia, during the American Civil War. Confederate General Robert E. Lee drove the invading Union Army of the Potomac, commanded by Maj. Gen. George B. McClellan, away from Richmond and into a retreat down the Virginia Peninsula. The series of battles is sometimes known erroneously as the Seven Days Campaign, but it was actually the culmination of the Peninsula Campaign, not a separate campaign in its own right.

[Wikipedia: Electoral district of Bragg] Bragg is an electoral district of the House of Assembly in the Australian state of South Australia. The seat of Bragg is named after the eminent physicists Bragg – William Henry and his son, William Lawrence. The electorate is largely urban and encompasses a significant portion of the City of Burnside, stretching from the east parklands of Adelaide into the Adelaide Hills. After a redistribution following the 2006 election, the boundary moved eastwards to include suburbs that had formerly been in the seat of Heysen and now borders Kavel. Bragg currently includes the metropolitan suburbs of Beaumont, Burnside, Dulwich, Erindale, Hazelwood Park, Heathpool, Kensington Park, Leabrook, Linden Park, Rose Park, Marryatville, Skye, St Georges, Stonyfell, Toorak Gardens, Tusmore, Wattle Park and parts of Glen Osmond, and in the hills it includes Crafers, Cleland, Greenhill, Mount Osmond, Piccadilly, Summertown and parts of Ashton, Basket Range, Carey Gully, Horsnell Gully, Leawood Gardens and Uraidla.

[Wikipedia: Frenemies (film)] Frenemies is a 2012 teen comedy-drama television film and anthology based on the novel of the same name by Alexa Young which premiered on Disney Channel. It features an ensemble cast starring Bella Thorne, Zendaya, Stefanie Scott, Nick Robinson, Mary Mouser and features Connor Price, Jascha Washington and Dylan Everett. The film follows three pairs of teenage friends that go from friends to enemies and back again. The film was directed by Daisy Mayer and written by Dava Savel, Wendy Weiner, and Jim Krieg. The Disney Channel Original Movie premiered on January 13, 2012 in the United States and Canada.

[Wikipedia: Institute of Muslim Minority Affairs] The Institute of Muslim Minority Affairs is a London-based scholarly institution furthering the study of Muslims in non-Muslim nations. It holds conferences and publishes books and journals. Pakistani-born Dr. Saleha Mahmood Abedin, the mother of Hillary Clinton aide Huma Abedin, is Director of the Institute. It was founded in 1978 by Dr. Syed Zainul Abedin, from India who was educated at Aligarh Muslim University and University of Pennsylvania. Abdullah Omar Naseef, then president of the Muslim World League and president of King Abdulaziz University, provided backing to Abedin for the institute's formation.

[Wikipedia: BAFTA Scotland] BAFTA in Scotland is the Scottish branch of the British Academy of Film and Television Arts. Formed in 1986, the branch holds two annual awards ceremonies recognising the achievement by performers and production staff in Scottish film, television and video games. These Awards are separate from the British Academy Television Awards and British Academy Film Awards.

[Wikipedia: Sylvio Sarkis] Sylvio Sarkis is a Lebanese actor born on the 28th of September 1998. His career started in 2008 when he participated in the hit Lebanese series "Mou’abbad" along with the much known actors Badih Abou Chakra and Patricia Nammour. Sylvio Sarkis had worked over the past 9 years in 7 hit series such as: "Mou’abbad (Mou2abbad)", "Badal An Dayeh (Badal 3an Daye3)" with famous actor Youssef El Khal and Nelly Maatouk, "Ala El A’aehed (3ala Al 3ahed)" with Famous Actress Darine Hamze and Talal El Jurdi where Sylvio was one of the three main characters in the series. "Ayli Mat’oub Alaya (3ayle Mat3oub 3laya)" along side with the late actor Issam Breidy and actress Yara Fares. The hit Series "Helwe W Kezzabi (Beautiful Liar)" with the famous actress Dalida Khalil and famous singer Ziad Bourji. "Joumhouriyet Noun" with famous actor Youssef Haddad and famous actress Rita Harb. "50 Alef (50 thousand)" with famous actor Tony Issa and famous actress Dalida Khalil which was his second collaboration with her as being co-actors and main characters.

[Wikipedia: Operation Hammer (1987)] A Los Angeles Police Department C.R.A.S.H. initiative that began in April 1987, Operation Hammer was a large scale attempt to crack down on gang violence in Los Angeles, California. After a group of people at a birthday party were shot down on their front lawn in a drive-by shooting, Chief of Police Daryl F. Gates responded with a roundup of gang members. At the height of this operation in April 1988, 1,453 people were arrested by one thousand police officers in South Central Los Angeles (now South Los Angeles) in a single weekend.

[Wikipedia: McDonald's Canada] McDonald's Canada (French: "Les Restaurants McDonald du Canada Ltée" ) is the Canadian master franchise of the fast-food restaurant chain McDonald's, owned by the American parent McDonald's Corporation. One of Canada's largest fast-food restaurant chains, the franchise sells food items, including hamburgers, chicken, French fries and soft drinks all across the country. McDonald's is known for its high fat and calorie foods, but it also has alternatives such as salads, juices and milk. McDonald's was previously Canada's largest food service operator before being overtaken by Tim Hortons in 2005. The slogans used in Canada are "i'm lovin' it" (in English) and "c'est ça que j'm" (in French).

[Wikipedia: Advanced Distribution Automation] Advanced Distribution Automation (ADA) is a term coined by the IntelliGrid project in North America to describe the extension of intelligent control over electrical power grid functions to the distribution level and beyond. It is related to distribution automation that can be enabled via the smart grid. The electrical power grid is typically separated logically into transmission systems and distribution systems. Electric power transmission systems typically operate above 110kV, whereas Electricity distribution systems operate at lower voltages. Normally, electric utilities with SCADA systems have extensive control over transmission-level equipment, and increasing control over distribution-level equipment via distribution automation. However, they often are unable to control smaller entities such as Distributed energy resources (DERs), buildings, and homes. It may be advantageous to extend control networks to these systems for a number of reasons:

[Wikipedia: Portable art] Portable art (sometimes called mobiliary art) refers to the small examples of Prehistoric art that could be carried from place to place, which is especially characteristic of the Art of the Upper Palaeolithic. It is one of the two main categories of Prehistoric art, the other being the immobile Parietal art, effectively synonymous with rock art.

[Wikipedia: National Women's Soccer League] The National Women's Soccer League (NWSL) is a professional women's soccer league, run by the United States Soccer Federation. At the top of the United States league system, it represents the sport's highest level in the United States. The NWSL was established in 2012 as a successor to Women's Professional Soccer (2007–2012) which was the successor to Women's United Soccer Association (2001–2003). The league began play in 2013 with eight teams; four of which were former members of Women's Professional Soccer. With the addition of two expansion teams in Houston and Orlando since the league's founding, it now has 10 teams based throughout the United States.

[Wikipedia: Civil Defence Forces] The Civil Defense Forces (CDF) was a paramilitary organization that fought in the Sierra Leone Civil War (1991–2002). It supported the elected government of Ahmed Tejan Kabbah against the rebel groups Revolutionary United Front (RUF) and Armed Forces Revolutionary Council (AFRC). Much of the CDF was made up of the Kamajors group, which is part of the larger Mende ethnic group. The Kamajors believed in many magical ways of defending themselves, such as rituals to create bulletproof skin.

[Wikipedia: Antarctic] The Antarctic (US English , UK English or and or ) is a polar region, specifically the region around the Earth's South Pole, opposite the Arctic region around the North Pole. The Antarctic comprises in the strict sense the continent of Antarctica and the island territories located on the Antarctic Plate. In a broader sense the Antarctic region include the ice shelves, waters, and island territories in the Southern Ocean situated south of the Antarctic Convergence, a zone approximately 32 to wide varying in latitude seasonally. The region covers some 20% of the Southern Hemisphere, of which 5.5% (14 million km) is the surface area of the Antarctic continent itself. All of the land and ice shelves south of 60°S latitude are administrated under the Antarctic Treaty System. In a biogeographic sense, the Antarctic ecozone is one of eight ecozones of the Earth's land surface.

[Wikipedia: Adriatic Campaign of World War II] The Adriatic Campaign of World War II was a minor naval campaign fought during World War II between the Greek, Yugoslavian and Italian navies, the "Kriegsmarine", and the Mediterranean squadrons of the United Kingdom, France, and the Yugoslav Partisan naval forces. Considered a somewhat insignificant part of the naval warfare in World War II, it nonetheless saw interesting developments, given the specificity of the Dalmatian coastline.

[Wikipedia: The Cheetah Girls 2] The Cheetah Girls 2 is the 2006 sequel to the Disney Channel Original Movie, "The Cheetah Girls." Its premiere received the highest ratings of all Disney Channel Movies at its time, a total of over 8.1 million viewers, beating the premiere ratings of "High School Musical" (7.7 million), and beating previous highest rated DCOM record holder, "Cadet Kelly" (7.8 million) as well as becoming the highest rated "Cheetah Girls" movie in the trilogy. The sequel is about a talented teen quartet who take a whirlwind tour of Spain to pursue their dreams of pop superstardom. Unlike its predecessor which incorporated karaoke-like musical numbers, "The Cheetah Girls 2" turned into more of a musical. This is also the last film in the series to star Raven-Symoné. The film is currently the 7th highest-rated Disney Channel Original Movie and was the highest-rated Disney Channel Original Movie of 2006.

[Wikipedia: Gluten Free Ebola] "Gluten Free Ebola" is the second episode in the eighteenth season of the American animated television series "South Park". The 249th overall episode, it was written and directed by series co-creator Trey Parker. The episode premiered on Comedy Central in the United States on October 1, 2014. The episode lampoons the trend of the gluten-free diet lifestyle and the constant changes recommended to the Western pattern diet and the current food guide.

[Wikipedia: Enterprise Rent-A-Car] Enterprise Rent-A-Car is an American car rental company headquartered in Clayton, Missouri, United States in Greater St. Louis. In addition to car rental, Enterprise also oversees commercial fleet management, used car sales, and commercial truck rental operations.

[Wikipedia: First Iraqi–Kurdish War] The First Kurdish–Iraqi War also known as Aylul revolts (Kurdish: شۆڕشی ئەیلوول‎ ) was a major event of the Iraqi-Kurdish conflict, lasting from 1961 until 1970. The struggle was led by Mustafa Barzani, in an attempt to establish an independent Kurdish state in northern Iraq. Throughout the 1960s, the uprising escalated into a long war, which failed to resolve despite internal power changes in Iraq. During the war, 80% of the Iraqi army was engaged in combat with the Kurds. The war ended with a stalemate in 1970, resulting in between 75,000 to 105,000 casualties. A series of Kurdish-Iraqi negotiations followed the war in an attempt to resolve the conflict. The negotiations led to the Iraqi-Kurdish Autonomy Agreement of 1970.

[Wikipedia: Sheng nu] Sheng nu (剩女; shèngnǚ; common translation: "leftover women" or "leftover ladies") is a derogatory term made popular by the All-China Women's Federation that classifies women who remain unmarried in their late twenties and beyond. The term is most prominently used in China, including a state sponsored directive and program, but has been used to describe women across Asia, India, and North America. The term has gone on to become widely used in the mainstream media and has been the subject of several televisions series, magazine and newspaper articles, and book publications focusing on both the good and bad aspects of the term and surrounding culture. Xu Xiaomin of "The China Daily" described the sheng nus as "a social force to be reckoned with" while others have argued the term should be taken as a positive to mean "successful women". The slang term, 3S or 3S Women, meaning "single, seventies (1970s), and stuck" has also been used in place of sheng nu. The equivalent term for men, "guang gun" (光棍) meaning bare branches, is used to refer to men who do not marry and thus do not add 'branches' to the family tree. Similarly, "shengnan" (剩男) or "leftover men" has also been used.

[Wikipedia: A4 Holding] A4 Holding S.p.A. known as Gruppo A4 Holding (previously as Serenissima Group), is an Italian holding company based in Verona, Veneto region. The company owned "Autostrada Brescia Verona Vicenza Padova" (100%), the operator of Brescia–Padua section of Autostrada A4 and Autostrada A31 (Rovigo via Vicenza to Piovene Rocchette), as well as an equity interests in Autostrada del Brennero, the operator of Autostrada A22 (Modena to Brenner Pass; 4.2327% stake via "Serenissima Partecipazioni" which A4 Holding owned 99.999% stake) and Autostrade Lombarde, the parent company of the operator of Autostrada A35 (Brescia to Milan; 4.90% stake via "Autostrada Brescia–Padova").

[Wikipedia: HAPPinas Happy Hour] HAPPinas Happy Hour is a Philippine sketch comedy and variety show created by Wilma V. Galvante and produced by TV5 Entertainment Division and Content Cows Company. The show will premiere on TV5 on May 6, 2016. The show's comedy sketches, which parody contemporary culture and politics, are performed by a large and varying cast of repertory and newer cast members.

[Wikipedia: International Boxing Federation] The International Boxing Federation (IBF) is one of four major organizations recognized by the International Boxing Hall of Fame (IBHOF) which sanction world championship boxing bouts, alongside the World Boxing Association (WBA), World Boxing Council (WBC) and World Boxing Organization (WBO).

[Wikipedia: Psycho Circus World Tour] Psycho Circus World Tour was a Kiss concert tour in 1998–2000. It was the first concert tour in history to have 3-D visual effects. The Smashing Pumpkins opened at the Dodger Stadium show only, in costume as The Beatles for the Halloween night performance. The Dodger Stadium show was streamed live on the internet as well as a radio broadcast. Two songs, "Psycho Circus" and "Shout It Out Loud", were screened live on Fox television as part of the "Kiss Live: The Ultimate Halloween Party" special. The vast majority of songs in the setlist were played on the previous Alive/Worldwide concert dates, leading to some frustration from fans expecting the return of classic songs not played on the previous tour. Peter Criss was quoted in Metal Edge magazine at the time as wanting to add "Parasite" to the setlist. The tour was initially hyped as having circus-style acts as pre-show entertainment. This ultimately happened only at the first concert at Dodger Stadium. Peter Criss later said that it didn't work out because the circus performers wanted equal billing and that some had even wanted to use KISS' backstage dressing room. "2,000 Man" was played to bring in the new Millennium at the 1999/2000 New Year's Eve show at Vancouver, advertised at the time as being recorded for Alive IV. The Vancouver show was also notable as being the first time the original members had played non-original band era material live in concert – "I Love It Loud", "Lick It Up" and "Heaven's on Fire" were added to the setlist and subsequently played on the Farewell Tour. "Forever" was listed on concert setlists at the Vancouver show but was not played. It was thought at the time it may have been intended as a Paul Stanley solo version prior to "Black Diamond". One notable show on the tour was the March 12 Bremen, Germany, show. After the opening song, Paul Stanley announced that the local fire marshall had banned Kiss from using any pyrotechnics during the show. They used a translator on stage to let the crowd understand exactly what Stanley was saying. At the end of the performance, the band ignited all of the pyrotechnics at once; as a result, they were banned from performing in Bremen. Ticket sales for this tour were notably slower than the previous Reunion Tour, with many of the smaller market shows underselling and a second North American leg for the summer of 1999 cancelled all together, the band ultimatly decided on embarking on a Farewell tour in the new millennium.

[Wikipedia: Black 13] Black 13 is a 1953 British crime drama film directed by Ken Hughes and starring Peter Reynolds, Rona Anderson, Patrick Barr and John Le Mesurier. The film is a remake of the 1948 Italian film "Gioventù perduta" (a.k.a. "Lost Youth") by Pietro Germi. It was made by Vandyke Productions.

[Wikipedia: Gay Power, Gay Politics] "Gay Power, Gay Politics" is a 1980 episode of the American documentary television series "CBS Reports". It was anchored by Harry Reasoner with reportage by George Crile. Crile also produced the episode with co-producer Grace Diekhaus. He conceived the show after becoming aware of the 1979 National March on Washington for Lesbian and Gay Rights and took as his focus the 1979 San Francisco mayoral election. After intermittent shooting over several months in 1979 with the cooperation of prominent members of the city's LGBT community, CBS aired "Gay Power, Gay Politics" on April 26, 1980.

[Wikipedia: Sugarfoot (film)] Sugarfoot is a 1951 western film starring Randolph Scott as Jackson 'Sugarfoot' Redan and featuring Adele Jergens and Raymond Massey.

[Wikipedia: Historic Inner East, Dayton, Ohio] The Historic Inner East neighborhood is located in Dayton, Ohio, United States. The neighborhood boundaries include two historic districts: Saint Anne's Hill Historic District and Huffman Historic District. The neighborhood has a population of a little over 3,000 (as of 2010 census).

[Wikipedia: Mónica Feria Tinta] Mónica Feria Tinta is a leading public international lawyer. She practises as a Barrister at 20 Essex Street Chambers. In 2000 she became the first Peruvian-born lawyer to receive the Diploma of the Hague Academy of International Law in history. Her litigation work led to the first international human rights court decision ordering the prosecution of a former Head of State for crimes under international law. She was awarded the Inge Genefke International Award for her work as an international lawyer in 2006 and was co-recipient of the Gruber Justice Prize 2007, for her contributions advancing the cause of justice as delivered through the legal system. She is a member of the Bar of England and Wales, and the American Society of International Law.

[Wikipedia: Kim Myeong-in] Kim MyungIn was born on September 2, 1946, in Uljin, Gyeongsangbuk-do. He graduated from Hupo High School and from Korea University with a degree in Korean Literature. He received his Ph.D. from Korea University in 1985. Kim is currently a professor of Korean Literature at Korea University. Kim has been a visiting professor at Brigham Young University, USA, and at Far Eastern College, Russia. Along with Lee Jongok and Kim Myeongsu, Kim is a member of the literary coterie Anti-Poetry.

[Wikipedia: Thomas Hylland Eriksen] Thomas Hylland Eriksen (born February 6, 1962) is a Norwegian anthropologist. He is currently a professor of social anthropology at the University of Oslo, as well as the 2015-2016 president of the European Association of Social Anthropologists. He is a member of the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters.

[Wikipedia: Peristoreus flavitarsis] Peristoreus flavitarsis is a species of true weevil. It is endemic to New Zealand. The larvae are leaf miners of "Podocarpus totara". Similar leaf mines have also been found on "Podocarpus acutifolius" and "Podocarpus cunninghamii".

[Wikipedia: Kill the Musicians] Released in 1995, Kill the Musicians was meant to serve as a "cleaning up" of loose ends after Screeching Weasel's breakup in 1994. The compilation collects demos, b-sides, vinyl-only EPs, and other various odds and ends the band had accumulated in their career from 1989 to 1994. It came on the heels of 1994's "How to Make Enemies and Irritate People", which itself was a collection of the final songs the band had written prior to splitting up. The band would soon reform in 1996 and remain together again until 2000, when they disbanded again. This collection was out of print for a short period until it was remastered and re-released by Asian Man Records in 2005. The original album contained an in-depth essay written by Ben Weasel covering the history of the band. This was later omitted from the re-issue.

[Wikipedia: Chach of Alor] Chach (c. 631-711 CE) (Sindhi: چچ‎ ) was a Brahmin who reigned as king of Sindh in the mid-7th century CE. A former prime minister to the king Rai Sahasi II, Chach ascended to the throne by marrying the king's widow. The Brahmin dynasty under Chach expanded the kingdom of Sindh, and his successful efforts to subjugate surrounding monarchies and ethnic groups into an empire covering the entire Indus valley and beyond were recorded in the "Chach Nama".

[Wikipedia: Thug Mentality 1999] Thug Mentality 1999 is the debut solo album by American rapper Krayzie Bone. It was released April 6, 1999 on Ruthless Records, Relativity Records and Mo Thugs Records. The double-disc album featured a large selection of guest appearances, including Bone Thugs-n-Harmony, Mariah Carey, The Marley Brothers, Big Pun, Fat Joe, Cuban Link, Gangsta Boo, E-40, 8 Ball & MJG, Kurupt, Treach and Snoop Dogg. The album was supported by two singles: "Thug Mentality" and "Paper".

[Wikipedia: After... (visual novel)] After... is an adult Japanese visual novel developed by Ciel which was released on June 27, 2003 playable on the PC as a CD or a DVD.The early DVD version includes a guide book and soundtrack CD and the early CD version includes a guide book and a mouse pad. Subsequent enhanced ports to the Dreamcast and to the PlayStation 2 as "After... ~Wasureemu Kizuna~" were released. Both ports feature their own exclusive characters and new scenarios not in the original PC release.

[Wikipedia: Make Mine Music] Make Mine Music is a 1946 American animated anthology film produced by Walt Disney and released to theatres on April 20, 1946. It is the 8th Disney animated feature film.

[Wikipedia: Papua New Guinea Greens] The Papua New Guinea Greens Party or PNG Greens are a minor political party in Papua New Guinea. Founded in 2001, the party took part in the 2002, 2007 and 2012 general elections, without winning a seat. They are a member of the Global Greens and of the Asia Pacific Greens Federation.

[Wikipedia: Sahara Boardwalk Hotel and Casino] The Sahara Boardwalk Hotel and Casino was a proposed hotel and casino that was to be built in the late 1970s and early 1980s in Atlantic City, New Jersey. The site of the proposed project was located at Albany Avenue and the Boardwalk, between the original Golden Nugget Hotel and Casino and the proposed Dunes Hotel and Casino (Atlantic City) project. However, because of financial and legal difficulties, construction of the hotel/casino was never completed and the site was sold in 1982.

[Wikipedia: Ronaldo (Brazilian footballer)] Ronaldo Luís Nazário de Lima (] ; born 18 September 1976), commonly known as Ronaldo, is a Brazilian retired professional footballer who played as a striker. Popularly dubbed "O Fenômeno" (The Phenomenon), he is widely considered to be one of the greatest football players of all time. In his prime, he was known for his dribbling at speed, feints, and clinical finishing.

[Wikipedia: Park Hyung-sik] Park Hyung-Sik (born November 16, 1991), known mononymously as Hyungsik, is a South Korean singer and actor. He is a member of the South Korean boy group, and its sub-group ZE:A Five. Apart from his singing career, he is most well known for his work in "The Heirs" (2013), "High Society" (2015), "" (2016) and "Strong Woman Do Bong-soon" (2017).

[Wikipedia: Bernard Fitzalan-Howard, 16th Duke of Norfolk] Bernard Marmaduke Fitzalan-Howard, 16th Duke of Norfolk, (30 May 1908 – 31 January 1975), styled Earl of Arundel and Surrey until 1917, was a British peer and politician. He was the eldest surviving son of Henry Fitzalan-Howard, 15th Duke of Norfolk, who died when Bernard was only 9 years old. His mother was Gwendolen Fitzalan-Howard, "suo jure" Gwendoline Mary Herries, 12th Lady Herries of Terregles, and he inherited her peerage when she died in 1947.

[Wikipedia: The Bite in the Apple] The Bite in the Apple: A Memoir of My Life with Steve Jobs is by Chrisann Brennan. Brennan is an American painter, Steve Jobs' high school girlfriend, an early employee of Apple Inc. before it went public, and the mother of Jobs' first child Lisa Brennan-Jobs. "The Bite in the Apple" was released on October 29, 2013.

[Wikipedia: Keele University] Keele University, officially known as the University of Keele, is a public research university located about 3 miles (5 km) from Newcastle-under-Lyme, Staffordshire, England. Keele was granted university status by Royal Charter in 1962 and was founded in 1949 as the University College of North Staffordshire. Keele is the 24th oldest university in the UK, and the highest research-ranked university in Staffordshire. A science park and a conference centre complements the academic buildings, making it the largest campus university in the UK. The university's School of Medicine operates the clinical part of its courses from a separate campus at the Royal Stoke University Hospital. The School of Nursing and Midwifery is based at the nearby Clinical Education Centre.

[Wikipedia: Solace (2006 film)] Solace (; lit. "Things You Say When You're in Love") is a 2006 South Korean film, and the directorial debut of Byeon Seung-wook. It stars Han Suk-kyu as a pharmacist who cares for his mentally disabled brother, and the relationship he builds with a debt-saddled woman (played by Kim Ji-soo) who sells fake designer clothes.

[Wikipedia: Billy Thompson (gunman)] Billy Thompson, sometimes known as Texas Billy Thompson (1845 – September 6, 1897) was an Old West gunman and gambler, and the younger brother of the famous gunman and lawman Ben Thompson. The younger Thompson brother never achieved the fame that his brother achieved, and in his own lifetime was mainly referred to as the unpredictable and troubled younger brother of Ben Thompson. Factually, however, while a dangerous man, he also was a formidable opponent in a gunfight.

[Wikipedia: The Confession (band)] The Confession was an American heavy metal band from Dana Point, California. Shortly after their formation in 2005, they went on to tour with such bands as Avenged Sevenfold, Bullet for My Valentine and Megadeth and were slotted on Rockstar's 2006 Taste of Chaos tour. The band announced their breakup on January 15, 2008 after touring with Avenged Sevenfold. In the three years that The Confession were together, they released a self-titled five-song EP and their only full-length album, "Requiem" (produced by M. Shadows of Avenged Sevenfold).

[Wikipedia: Quogue (LIRR station)] Quogue was a station stop along the Montauk Branch of the Long Island Rail Road and the station was built around June, 1875. During construction the station was moved by the village "on a Sunday morning" from its original and current location to a location on Old Depot Road. The second depot was built around 1882 and later was moved to a private location around 1905. The third depot was built around 1905 and at some point was elevated for the bridge over the former New York State Route 113. The station house was razed around April, 1964 but the station stop itself continued to operate until March 16, 1998. This station, along with nine others around that time were closed due to low ridership, which did not make it very cost-effective to build high-level platforms to support the new C3 railcars the LIRR was procuring at the time.

[Wikipedia: Prairie School Freakout] Prairie School Freakout is the second (and first full-length) album by Chicago-based band Eleventh Dream Day, originally released on Amoeba Records in 1988. According to the original liner notes, the album "was recorded on a hot pollution alert day during July [1987] in Louisville, Kentucky, and was made at a place called Artist Recording Service. We recorded 15 songs between 11:00 pm and 5:00 am, half of the time spent trying to fix the wild buzz coming out of Rick's amp. We finally gave up and decided to make amp buzz the theme of the record." The album was re-released and expanded in 2003 by Thrill Jockey.

[Wikipedia: Real Rob] Real Rob is an American comedy television series created by Rob Schneider. The series premiered on December 1, 2015, on Netflix. The series follows the everyday life of Rob, including his real-life wife Patricia and daughter Miranda. On July 27, 2016, the series was renewed by Netflix for a second season, which premiered on September 29, 2017.

[Wikipedia: Elk Grove Unified School District v. Newdow] Elk Grove Unified School District v. Newdow, 542 U.S. 1 (2004), was a case decided by the U.S. Supreme Court. The lawsuit, originally filed as Newdow v. United States Congress, Elk Grove Unified School District, et al. in 2000, led to a 2002 ruling by the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit that the words "under God" in the Pledge of Allegiance are an endorsement of religion and therefore violate the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment to the United States Constitution. After an initial decision striking the congressionally added "one nation under God" language, [Newdow v. U.S. Congress, 292 F.3d 597 (9th Cir. 2002), the superseding opinion on denial of rehearing en banc was more limited, holding that compelled recitation of the language by school teachers to students was invalid. [328 F.3d 466 (9th Cir. 2003).

[Wikipedia: Vipul Gupta] Vipul Gupta (born 17 September 1984) is an actor and model. He is best known for playing the lead role of Drone Keshab in a very popular Star Plus Serial: K. Street Pali Hill and as Anand Zorawar Shergill in TV serial "Meri Bhabhi" on STAR Plus. He is currently seen in a Vikram Bhatt's web series "Maaya".

[Wikipedia: St. Albert's College] St. Albert's College (Autonomous) located at Kochi, India, started in 1946 is an accredited first grade Arts, Science and Commerce College affiliated to Mahatma Gandhi University, Kerala, India with Autonomous Status conferred by University Grants Commission (UGC), India . It has eighteen degree courses, twelve postgraduate courses and five research centres. The National Assessment and Accreditation Council (NAAC) has accredited the College at the A level with an aggregate score of 3.24. College had completed 3cycles of NAAC accreditation and in last two NAAC accreditation College is accredited at 'A' Grade. The college was founded by late Dr. Joseph Attippetty, the first Indian Archbishop of the Archdiocese of Verapoly. St. Albert's College has been granted autonomous status in 2016 by the NAAC .

[Wikipedia: Marc Parenteau] Marc Parenteau (born December 4, 1980 in Sherbrooke, Quebec) is a professional Canadian football offensive lineman who last played for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers of the Canadian Football League. He was drafted 36th overall by the Ottawa Renegades in the 2003 CFL Draft. He was signed by the Saskatchewan Roughriders to a contract on February 12, 2007 and played for five seasons before being released on February 10, 2012. He was soon after signed by the Toronto Argonauts on February 13, 2012. Parenteau would go on to win the 100th Grey Cup with the Argonauts. On September 9, 2013, Parenteau was traded to the Winnipeg Blue Bombers, along with a 3rd round draft pick in 2014, in exchange for running back Anthony Woodson and a fifth round draft pick in 2014. He retired after 9 years in the CFL in January 2014 after winning 2 Grey Cups (2007 & 2012) and he is the only offensive lineman to ever score a touchdown in a Grey Cup game (2010). Before his CFL career, Marc was an All-Star (All Big East) lineman with the Boston College Eagles from 1999-2003. He continues to be a real estate sales representative in the Ottawa, ON area.

[Wikipedia: A Soldier's Daughter Never Cries (film)] A Soldier's Daughter Never Cries is a 1998 drama film directed by James Ivory and written by James Ivory and Ruth Prawer Jhabvala. It stars Kris Kristofferson, Barbara Hershey, Leelee Sobieski and Jesse Bradford. The film is a fictionalized account of the family life of writer James Jones and is based on Kaylie Jones' novel by the same name.

[Wikipedia: Who's That Girl (soundtrack)] Who's That Girl: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is the first soundtrack album by American singer and songwriter Madonna. It was released on July 21, 1987 by Sire Records to promote the film of the same name. It also contains songs by her label mates Scritti Politti, Duncan Faure, Club Nouveau, Coati Mundi and Michael Davidson. The soundtrack is credited as a Madonna album, despite her only performing four of the nine tracks on the album. After the commercial success of her film "Desperately Seeking Susan" (1985), Madonna wanted to act in another comedy film titled "Slammer", about a woman named Nikki Finn who was falsely accused of homicide. However, due to the critical and commercial failure of her adventure film "Shanghai Surprise" (1986), Warner Bros. were initially reluctant to green light the project, but later agreed, after Madonna convinced them and also because they wanted to cash in on Madonna's success with soundtracks.

[Wikipedia: WrestleMania XXX] WrestleMania XXX (also written as WrestleMania 30) was the thirtieth annual WrestleMania professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event produced by WWE. It took place on April 6, 2014, at the Mercedes-Benz Superdome in New Orleans, Louisiana. It was the first WWE event simultaneously broadcast live on pay-per-view television and WWE's new streaming media service, the WWE Network. Seven professional wrestling matches were scheduled on the event's card and one pre-show match was streamed on the WWE Network.

[Wikipedia: Slip of the Lip] "Slip of the Lip" is a song recorded by American heavy metal band Ratt in 1986 from the album "Dancing Undercover" and is also on their greatest hits album "Ratt & Roll 81-91". It was written by Ratt vocalist Stephen Pearcy, bassist Juan Croucier, and guitarist Warren DeMartini.

[Wikipedia: Drug addiction in Pakistan] Drug addiction is defined as compulsive and out-of-control drug use, despite negative consequences. In the last few decades, drug addiction has increased exponentially in Pakistan. Most of the illegal drugs come from the neighbouring Afghanistan. According to the UN estimate, 8.9 million people in the country are drug users. Cannabis is the most used drug. The rate of injection drug abuse has also increased significantly in Pakistan, sparking fears of an HIV epidemic.

[Wikipedia: Virginia Foster Durr] Virginia Foster Durr (August 6, 1903 – February 24, 1999) was an American and a white civil rights activist and lobbyist. She was born in Birmingham, Alabama in 1903 to Dr. Sterling Foster, an Alabama Presbyterian minister, and Ann Patterson Foster. At 22 she married lawyer Clifford Durr, with whom she had 5 children, one of whom died in infancy. Durr was a close friend of Rosa Parks and Eleanor Roosevelt, and was sister-in-law (through her sister's marriage) to and a good friend of Supreme Court Justice Hugo Black who sat on many crucial civil rights cases. Her circle of friends extended to Alger Hiss. She was inducted into the Alabama Women's Hall of Fame in 2006.

[Wikipedia: 2012 Texas A&amp;M vs. Alabama football game] The 2012 Texas A&M vs. Alabama football game was a college football game between the Texas A&M Aggies and Alabama Crimson Tide at Bryant–Denny Stadium in Tuscaloosa, Alabama. This was the game where Texas A&M freshman quarterback and eventual Heisman Trophy winner Johnny Manziel completed 24 of 31 passes, had 253 passing yards, and two passing touchdowns with 92 rushing yards to help No. 15 Texas A&M upset No. 1 Alabama 29–24, which led him to being the first freshman to win the Heisman Trophy.

[Wikipedia: The Black Stallion] The Black Stallion, known as the Black or Shêtân, is the title character from author Walter Farley's bestselling series about the stallion and his young owner, Alec Ramsay. The series chronicles the story of an Arab sheikh's prized stallion after he comes into Alec's possession, although later books furnish the Black's backstory.

[Wikipedia: Sandra Hüller] Sandra Hüller (born April 30, 1978) is a German actress. She gained critical praise for her portrait of Anneliese Michel in Hans-Christian Schmid's drama "Requiem," and is best known internationally for her starring role in Maren Ade's comedy "Toni Erdmann." Hüller is one of the era-defining German actresses of her generation. Besides Julia Jentsch and Nina Hoss, she is the only German actress to win both the European film award and the Silver Bear for Best Actress, top honors of the European Film Academy and Berlin Film Festival, respectively, in the 21st century.

[Wikipedia: Jenma Natchathiram] Jenma Natchathiram (தமிழ்: ஜென்ம நட்சத்திரம், English: Birth Star) is a 1991 Tamil supernatural horror film directed and Screenplays by Thakkali Srinivasan for Thirai Gangai Films. The film dialogue were written by Ma. Pandarinathan, and story were written by Krishnan respectively. Music by Premi - Srini assets to the soundtrack. It Stars Baby Vichithra played titular role with Pramoth, Sindhuja and Vivek played pivotal role. The film was unofficial remake of "The Omen", 1976 British/American supernatural horror drama film directed by Richard Donner.

[Wikipedia: Proto-Norse language] Proto-Norse (also called Proto-Scandinavian, Primitive Norse, Proto-Nordic, Ancient Nordic, Ancient Scandinavian, Old Nordic, Old Scandinavian, Proto-North Germanic, North Proto-Germanic or Common Scandinavian) was an Indo-European language spoken in Scandinavia that is thought to have evolved as a northern dialect of Proto-Germanic in the first centuries CE. It is the earliest stage of a characteristically North Germanic language, and the language attested in the oldest Scandinavian Elder Futhark inscriptions, spoken around from the 2nd to 8th centuries (corresponding to the late Roman Iron Age and the Germanic Iron Age). It evolved into the dialects of Old Norse at the beginning of the Viking Age in about 800, which later themselves evolved into modern North Germanic languages.

[Wikipedia: Bombo (video game)] Bombo is a British computer game published by Rino for the Commodore 64, released in 1986. It is a clone of the arcarde game "Mighty Bomb Jack", the official C64 port of which was released earlier the same year.

[Wikipedia: Yakuza 3] Yakuza 3 (Japanese: 龍が如く3 , Hepburn: Ryū ga Gotoku 3 , "Like a Dragon 3") is the third main entry in the "Yakuza" series, released for the PlayStation 3 in 2009 . It is developed by Sega's CS1 Team and published by Sega. It was released in Japan and South East Asia on February 26, 2009 and in North America and Europe on March 9, 2010 and March 12, 2010, respectively. The sequel, "Yakuza 4", was released on March 18, 2010 in Japan.

[Wikipedia: Rock &amp; Roll Hall of Fame Covers EP] Rock & Roll Hall of Fame Covers EP is EP compilation by American rock band Red Hot Chili Peppers, released in 2012 through iTunes as a digital-only download. The band first announced the EP through their website on April 19, 2012 with the title "We Salute You", although it was changed on the date of the release. The EP consists of six cover songs, live and in the studio, of previous Rock and Roll Hall of Fame inductees all who influenced the band. The EP was released to commemorate the band's own induction into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2012. All six songs have been previously featured on other releases by the band. Four of the six tracks had never been released digitally before.

[Wikipedia: USS Bainbridge (DDG-96)] USS "Bainbridge" (DDG-96) is an "Arleigh Burke"-class guided missile destroyer in the United States Navy. She is the fifth ship to carry that name, and the 46th destroyer of a planned 75-ship class. "Bainbridge" is named in honor of Commodore William Bainbridge, who as commander of the frigate USS "Constitution" distinguished himself in the War of 1812 when he and his crew captured HMS "Java", a 38-gun fifth-rate frigate of the Royal Navy.

[Wikipedia: Ben Stein] Benjamin Jeremy "Ben" Stein (born November 25, 1944) is an American writer, lawyer, actor, and commentator on political and economic issues. A graduate of Columbia University, Stein began his career in law, graduating as valedictorian from Yale Law School. He attained early success as a speechwriter for U.S. presidents Richard Nixon and Gerald Ford. Later, he entered the entertainment field and became an actor, comedian, and Emmy Award-winning game show host. He is most well-known on screen as the economics teacher in "Ferris Bueller's Day Off" (1986) and as Dr. Arthur Neuman in "The Mask" (1994) and "Son of the Mask" (2005). Stein is also a filmmaker. He co-wrote and starred in the 2008 documentary "", which portrays intelligent design creationism as a scientifically valid alternative to Darwinian evolution and alleges the existence of a cover-up by the scientific community against the evidence for creation.

[Wikipedia: Haitian presidential election, 2015] Presidential elections were held in Haiti on 25 October 2015, alongside local elections and the second round of the legislative elections. Incumbent President Michel Martelly was constitutionally barred from running. As no candidate received a majority of the vote in the first round, a runoff was to be held on 27 December 2015. Voter turnout was reportedly 28.8%. On 22 December the Conseil Electoral Provisoire announced that the runoff has been postponed indefinitely. However, on 1 January 2016 President Michel Martelly announced that the runoff would be held on 17 January, but on 7 January the President changed the date to 24 January. On 20 January, Jude Célestin issued a statement that calls "whatever the person who will participate in this January 24 [runoff], is a traitor to the Nation". Because of rioting and electoral violence, on 22 January the CEP decided to postpone the second round again, with no specific date given, even after President Michel Martelly confirmed the previous day in a nationwide speech that the election should still take place. The run-off date was later agreed to take place on 24 April 2016. However, according to Reuters and several other sources, the runoff is postponed again with an indeterminate date most likely after October 2016. United Nations Secretary-General has expressed deep concern that the agreed upon date for holding elections in Haiti was not met and that no alternate electoral calendar was announced.

[Wikipedia: Hunters &amp; Collectors] Hunters & Collectors are an Australian rock music band formed in 1981. Fronted by founding mainstay, singer-songwriter and guitarist Mark Seymour, they developed a blend of pub rock and art-funk. Other mainstays are John Archer on bass guitar, Doug Falconer on drums and percussion. Soon after forming they were joined by Jack Howard on trumpet and keyboards, Jeremy Smith on French horn, guitars and keyboards, and Michael Waters on trombone and keyboards. Also acknowledged as a founder was engineer and art designer Robert Miles. Joining in 1988, Barry Palmer, on lead guitar, remained until they disbanded in 1998. The group reformed in 2013 with the 1998 line-up.

[Wikipedia: Nick Jennings (computer scientist)] Nicholas Robert Jennings, CB, FREng, FIEEE, FIET, FBCS, CEng, CITP is the Vice-Provost for Research at Imperial College, where he also holds a Chair in Artificial Intelligence. He was previously the Regius Professor of Computer Science at the University of Southampton and Chief Scientific Adviser to the UK Government on National Security. He is an internationally recognised authority in the areas of artificial intelligence, autonomous systems, agent-based computing and cybersecurity. He has been involved in founding and advising a number of start ups including Aerogility , Contact Engine , Crossword Cyber Security , Mentat and Reliance Cyber Science .

[Wikipedia: Shelly Hruska] Shelly Hruska is a Canadian Metis ringette and bandy player, coach, and teacher from Winnipeg, Manitoba. Hruska helped lead Team Canada twice to victory at the World Ringette Championships in 2002 in Edmonton, Alberta and 2004 in Stockholm, Sweden where she played a key role on the team. In 2009, Hruska also helped Team Canada to a silver medal at the 2009 World Bandy Championship.

[Wikipedia: Kolmogorov's criterion] In probability theory, Kolmogorov's criterion, named after Andrey Kolmogorov, is a theorem giving a necessary and sufficient condition for a Markov chain or continuous-time Markov chain to be stochastically identical to its time-reversed version.

[Wikipedia: John Cornell Chads] Lieutenant-colonel John Cornell Chads (9 August 1793 – 28 February 1854) joined the Royal Marines and reached the rank of 2nd Lieutenant on 4 May 1809, aged 16. He became a Captain in the 1st West India Regiment on 27 January 1820. He became a Major on 22 April 1836, still serving in the West India Regiment. He was promoted to the rank of Lieutenant Colonel on 3 March 1843 and then retired on full pay aged 50. He returned to England with his family and lived in Portsea, Hampshire until his appointment as President of the British Virgin Islands in 1852. He died in Government House, Tortola on 28 February 1854 with the rank of Colonel.

[Wikipedia: 2017 Oakland Raiders season] The 2017 Oakland Raiders season is the 58th overall season of the Oakland Raiders franchise, the franchise's 48th season in the National Football League, their 24th season since their return to Oakland, and the third under head coach Jack Del Rio. The Raiders are looking to win their first AFC West title since 2002 and the Super Bowl for the first time since 1983, when the club was still in Los Angeles. The Raiders began the season on September 10 at the Tennessee Titans and will finish the season December 31 at the Los Angeles Chargers. The Raiders, as they did in 2016, will play one home game in Mexico City, this time against the New England Patriots.

[Wikipedia: Computer Press Association] Founded in 1983, the Computer Press Association (CPA) was established to promote excellence in the field of computer journalism. The association was composed of working editors, writers, producers, and freelancers who covered issues related to computers and technology. The CPA conducted the annual Computer Press Awards, which was the preeminent editorial awards of the computer and technology media. The CPA Awards honored outstanding examples in print, broadcast and electronic media. Awards were given for print publications, such as PC Magazine; online news media, such as Newsbytes News Network (both were multiple winners); individual columns and features by well-known journalists such as Steven Levy (author of “”); broadcast awards such as “Best Radio Program”; as well as book awards in categories such as Best Product Specific Book. CPA President Jeff Yablon (1994-1996) developed an updated code of ethics for technology journalists that was adopted by many major trade show groups, most notably Bruno Blenheim. The Computer Press Association disbanded in 2000.

[Wikipedia: Naoki Satō] Naoki Satō (佐藤 直紀 , Satō Naoki , born May 2, 1970 in Chiba, Japan) is a Japanese composer who has provided the music for several popular anime series including the first five "Pretty Cure" series, "X", "Eureka Seven", "Sword of the Stranger", and "Blood-C". He graduated from the Tokyo College of Music in 1993. At the 29th Japan Academy Prize in 2006, he won the Best Music prize for his work on the film "Always Sanchōme no Yūhi (Always Sunset on Third Street)". He also composed music for anime films such as "Pretty Cure All Stars DX" trilogy, "Stand By Me Doraemon". In live-action dramas, he provided music and soundtracks for TV dramas "Good Luck!!" "Water Boys", "H2: Kimi to Ita Hibi" and "Ryōmaden". He provided the music for the "Space Battleship Yamato" film, as well as the "Rurouni Kenshin" and "" live-action film series. For the 38th Japan Academy Prize in 2015, he was nominated in the Best Score category for his work in "The Eternal Zero". While he did not win the award, "The Eternal Zero" won several awards including Best Picture, and "Stand By Me Doraemon" won for Best Animated Film.

[Wikipedia: Bill's Best Friend] Bill's Best Friend is the 17th comedy album by Bill Cosby. Much of the material was recycled in the film and accompanying album "Himself". The story of the car with the airplane engine was previously attributed to Fat Albert, while on this album the owner is referred to as "Charlie Waynes". The car in the Fat Albert sketch was a 1941 Mercury. The car on this album is a 1942 DeSoto. This album and his previous Capitol Records album were repackaged in Australia as a two-CD set in 1992 called "The Bill Cosby Collection".

[Wikipedia: 2009 Big 12 Conference football season] The 2009 Big 12 Conference football season was the 14th season for the Big 12, as part of the 2009 NCAA Division I FBS football season.

[Wikipedia: Untitled Han Solo film] An upcoming untitled American space Western film centered on Han Solo, a character from the "Star Wars" franchise, is in production and being produced by Lucasfilm from a screenplay by Lawrence and Jon Kasdan and will be distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures. The film will be the second "Star Wars Anthology" film, following the 2016 film "Rogue One". It is a standalone installment, set prior to the events of the original 1977 film, following a young Han Solo. The film stars Alden Ehrenreich as Solo, alongside Woody Harrelson, Emilia Clarke, Donald Glover, Thandie Newton, Phoebe Waller-Bridge and Joonas Suotamo. The film takes place in the universe of "Star Wars" and explores the adventures of Han Solo and Chewbacca, including meeting Lando Calrissian.

[Wikipedia: Eloy Urroz] Eloy Urroz is a Mexican writer and Professor of Spanish and Latin American Literature at The Citadel in South Carolina. Though born in New York, Urroz grew up in Mexico City and is of Mexican nationality. He is one of the founding members of the Crack Movement, along with such writers as Ignacio Padilla and Jorge Volpi. Urroz has written eight novels, four books on literary criticism, four books of poetry, three political reportages and dozens of essays, articles, and reviews on Latin American and Peninsular Culture and Literature. Some of his novels have been translated into English, French, Italian, Portuguese, and German. In the United States, his novels are published by Dalkey Archive Press.

[Wikipedia: Fantastic (magazine)] Fantastic was an American digest size fantasy and science fiction magazine, published from 1952 to 1980. It was founded by Ziff Davis as a fantasy companion to "Amazing Stories". Early sales were good, and Ziff Davis quickly decided to switch "Amazing" from pulp format to digest, and to cease publication of their other science fiction pulp, "Fantastic Adventures". Within a few years sales fell, and Howard Browne, the editor, was forced to switch the focus to science fiction rather than fantasy. Browne lost interest in the magazine as a result and the magazine generally ran poor quality fiction in the mid-1950s, under Browne and his successor, Paul W. Fairman.

[Wikipedia: T. J. O'Malley] Thomas Joseph O'Malley (October 15, 1915 – November 6, 2009), better known as T. J. O'Malley, was an Irish-American aerospace engineer who, as chief test conductor for the Convair division of General Dynamics, was responsible for pushing the button on February 20, 1962 launching the Mercury-Atlas 6 space flight carrying astronaut John Glenn, the first American in orbit. Five years later, NASA asked North American Aviation to hire him as director of launch operations to help get the Apollo program back on track after the Apollo 1 command module fire on the launch pad killed three astronauts. O'Malley continued to play a leadership role in the United States' space program through the first space shuttle launch in 1981.

[Wikipedia: Angels &amp; Demons] Angels & Demons is a 2000 bestselling mystery-thriller novel written by American author Dan Brown and published by Pocket Books and then by Corgi Books. The novel introduces the character Robert Langdon, who recurs as the protagonist of Brown's subsequent novels. "Angels & Demons" shares many stylistic literary elements with its sequel, such as conspiracies of secret societies, a single-day time frame, and the Catholic Church. Ancient history, architecture, and symbology are also heavily referenced throughout the book. A film adaptation was released on May 15, 2009. "The Da Vinci Code" film had been released in 2006.

[Wikipedia: Gloriana St. Clair] Gloriana St. Clair (born 1939) is a pioneer in the field of academic librarianship, as well as a scholar of Norse Mythology and its relationship to the works of J.R.R. Tolkien. She is currently the Principal Investigator of the Olive Executable Archive as well as the official University Liaison to the Pittsburgh chapter of the Osher Lifelong Learning Institute at Carnegie Mellon University. She is Dean Emerita of Carnegie Mellon University Libraries (1998-2013). Before coming to Carnegie Mellon, St. Clair held leadership positions at several other universities. St. Clair attended the University of California, Berkeley, receiving a bachelor's degree in English in 1962 and a master's degree in library science in 1963.

[Wikipedia: José de Jesús Godínez] José de Jesús Godínez Navarro (born January 20, 1997) is a Mexican professional footballer who plays as a striker for Liga MX club C.D. Guadalajara.

[Wikipedia: List of Major League Baseball perfect games] Over the 140 years of Major League Baseball history, and over 210,000 games played, there have been 23 official perfect games by the current definition. No pitcher has ever thrown more than one. The perfect game thrown by Don Larsen in game 5 of the 1956 World Series is the only postseason perfect game in major league history and one of only two postseason no-hitters, the other being a no-hitter thrown by Roy Halladay in game 1 of the 2010 National League Division Series against the Cincinnati Reds. The first two major league perfect games, and the only two of the premodern era, were thrown in 1880, five days apart. The most recent perfect game was thrown on August 15, 2012 by Félix Hernández of the Seattle Mariners. There were three perfect games in 2012, with no other year ever having more than two thrown. By contrast, there have been spans of 23 and 33 consecutive seasons in which not a single perfect game was thrown.

[Wikipedia: John MacGregor (VC)] John MacGregor VC MC & Bar DCM ED (1 February 1889 – 9 June 1952) was a Scottish-Canadian soldier. MacGregor was a recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces. MacGregor served in the Canadian army in both world wars.

[Wikipedia: Castor de Andrade] Castor Gonçalves de Andrade e Silva (1926 – April 11, 1997) was a well-known "bicheiro" in Rio de Janeiro. From the 1980s, Castor de Andrade was the uncontested leader of all the main "bicheiros" of the city of Rio de Janeiro, and had more than 100 policemen and a number of public servants, prominent politicians, and judges working for him. Castor was also very involved in the Brazilian Carnival and in soccer—he was the major sponsor of Bangu Atlético Clube and even called the "owner of Bangu", and he was also the patron of samba school Mocidade Independente de Padre Miguel. He also helped found in 1984 the Liga Independente das Escolas de Samba do Rio de Janeiro, which has run the Rio de Janeiro Carnival ever since and has served as the legal cover for the "jogo do bicho cartel".

[Wikipedia: Trevor Kennedy] Trevor Kennedy (born Trevor John Kennedy; born in Perth, Western Australia, on 24 June 1942) is an Australian businessman and company director. He has served on the board of directors of many Australian companies, including Consolidated Press Holdings and Qantas. He is a former journalist and right-hand man of Kerry Packer and a former business associate of Malcolm Turnbull, current leader of the Australian Parliamentary Liberal Party and the 29th Prime Minister of Australia.

[Wikipedia: International Tchaikovsky Competition] The International Tchaikovsky Competition is a classical-music competition held every four years in Moscow, Russia, for pianists, violinists, and cellists between 16 and 32 years of age, and singers between 19 and 32 years of age. The competition is named after Russian composer Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky and is an active member of the World Federation of International Music Competitions.

[Wikipedia: Air Bud: Spikes Back] Air Bud: Spikes Back (also known as Air Bud 5) is the fifth and final film in the original "Air Bud series". The film series itself was followed by a spin-off series: the "Air Buddies" franchise. It was released on June 24, 2003 as a direct to video sequel.

[Wikipedia: Masters of Rock (festival)] Masters of Rock is a large heavy metal festival in the Czech Republic. The main styles represented on this festival are power, speed and heavy metal, though the production tries to make the fest more open for other rock and metal styles as progressive rock/metal, hardcore, death metal or even ska. It takes place in Vizovice, Czech Republic and in the past has featured bands such as Tarja Turunen, Manowar, Sweet, Twisted Sister, HammerFall, Stratovarius, Helloween, Gamma Ray, Nightwish, Rhapsody of Fire, Kreator, Edguy, Rage, Apocalyptica, Within Temptation, Children of Bodom, Avantasia, Accept, Dream Theater, Sebastian Bach, Behemoth, Amon Amarth and many more. The 2005 attendance was over 20,000, the 2006 one over 25,000 and finally the 2007 was over 30,000. The festival is held every summer and the Winter morphosis takes place in November in the town of Zlín. Since 2010 the main stage of summer festival is named after Ronnie James Dio, who died earlier that year.

[Wikipedia: Benjamin Abram Bernstein] Benjamin Abram Bernstein (20 May 1881, Pasvalys, Lithuania – 25 September 1964, Berkeley, California) was an American mathematician, specializing in mathematical logic.

[Wikipedia: Saturn V] The Saturn V (spoken as "Saturn five") was an American human-rated expendable rocket used by NASA between 1967 and 1973. The three-stage liquid-fueled super heavy-lift launch vehicle was developed to support the Apollo program for human exploration of the Moon and was later used to launch Skylab, the first American space station. The Saturn V was launched 13 times from the Kennedy Space Center in Florida with no loss of crew or payload. As of 2017,  the Saturn V remains the tallest, heaviest, and most powerful (highest total impulse) rocket ever brought to operational status, and holds records for the heaviest payload launched and largest payload capacity to low Earth orbit (LEO) of 140000 kg , which included the third stage and unburned propellant needed to send the Apollo Command/Service Module and Lunar Module to the Moon.

[Wikipedia: A.S. Roma] Associazione Sportiva Roma (, ; "Rome Sport Association"), commonly referred to as simply Roma ] , is a professional Italian football club based in Rome. Founded by a merger in 1927, Roma have participated in the top-tier of Italian football for all of their existence except for 1951–52.

[Wikipedia: Charles Gilbert, Jr.] Charles Gilbert, Jr. is a writer, composer, director and educator who specializes in musical theater. Currently a Professor of Theater Arts in the Ira Brind School of Theater Arts at the University of the Arts in Philadelphia, Gilbert served as Director of the Brind School from 2008 to 2013 after heading its Musical Theater Program for nearly twenty years. He developed the SAVI System of Singing-Acting and has taught students using this pedagogy in workshops and residencies in the United Kingdom, Sweden, Denmark and Germany. Among his works for the musical stage is the 1979 musical "Assassins"., source of the idea for Stephen Sondheim's Tony Award-winning musical of the same name.

[Wikipedia: Sunwapta Peak] Sunwapta Peak is a peak located in the Sunwapta River valley of Jasper National Park, just north of the Columbia Icefield. The peak was named in 1892 after the Stoney Indian word "Sunwapta" meaning "turbulent river". The mountain can be seen from the Icefields Parkway (Highway 93).

[Wikipedia: Allco Finance Group] Allco Financial Group was a fully integrated global financial services business, listed on the Australian Stock Exchange and headquartered in Sydney, Australia. Major services provided were structured asset finance, funds management and debt and equity funding. At one stage before liquidation, Allco had over A$4.3 billion in assets, and had financed over A$60 billion of transactions. In its most visible public transaction Allco was a part of Airline Partners Australia, the consortium that unsuccessfully attempted to buy Qantas. The company is now in liquidation, after previously being in administrative receivership, following difficulties in refinancing debt and a share price fall of 99% since the beginning of the subprime mortgage crisis.

[Wikipedia: Giuseppina Tuissi] Giuseppina Tuissi, better known as Gianna (also "La Staffetta Gianna") was an Italian communist and partisan during World War II, part of the "52nd Brigata Garibaldi "Luigi Clerici"". From September 1944 she was the collaborator of the partisan Luigi Canali (known as the captain "Neri") and, with him, had an important role in the arrest and the execution of Benito Mussolini and Clara Petacci.

[Wikipedia: Grant Ranch County Park] Grant Ranch Park is the largest county park in Santa Clara County, California. Also known as Joseph D. Grant County Park, this site is situated in the Diablo Range foothills of the eastern Santa Clara Valley. The park is one of 28 owned by Santa Clara County and managed by the Santa Clara County Parks and Recreation Department.

[Wikipedia: Sheep Impact] Sheep Impact is a 2010 Australian short film, starring Steven Seagal and Martin Copping that was made as an advertisement for Carlton & United Breweries. It was shot in Arizona and written and directed by Brendan Gibbons. It was brought about after two promotional commercials, "Snake" and "Sausage" were released on Australian television in late 2011 calling on Australians to submit their "wildest true story" to be made into a film with "Steven Seagal starring as you, playing the lead character". Steven Seagal played the role of 'Paul Wieland' with his best friend 'Craig' played by Martin Copping.

[Wikipedia: Live at Third Man] Live at Third Man is a live EP released by the Texan band White Denim in the summer of 2011. It was produced by Jack White of The White Stripes and released as a 12" vinyl record on his record label Third Man Records.

[Wikipedia: The Vermin] The Vermin is a punk rock band from Las Vegas, Nevada. The band formed in 1984 (1986 in some sources)as Vermin From Venus by singer and guitarist Dirk Vermin, and was noted for releasing one of the first independent punk rock albums in Las Vegas, "Sex on Planet X". In 1994, Vermin and bassist Rob Ruckus formed a punk cover band called Godboy, and in 1995 the bands merged, adopting the name The Vermin. The band recorded their first album under their new name, "Hell or Las Vegas", in 1996 with drummer Anthony Hudak, but Hudak left the band soon after and was immediately replaced with current drummer Gerry "Turbo" Proctor. The band was featured in the low-budget horror film "Trans-American Killer" in 2005. Singer Dirk Vermin opened Pussykat Tattoo in 1999; the shop, Vermin, and bassist Ruckus are currently featured in the A&E program "Bad Ink".

[Wikipedia: Furthur (band)] Furthur was a rock band founded in 2009 by former Grateful Dead members Bob Weir and Phil Lesh. The original lineup also included John Kadlecik of the Dark Star Orchestra on lead guitar, Jeff Chimenti of RatDog on keyboards, Jay Lane of RatDog on percussion, and Joe Russo of the Benevento/Russo Duo on drums. Named after the famous touring bus used by Ken Kesey and the Merry Pranksters in the 1960s, Furthur was an improvisational jam band that performed music primarily from the extensive Grateful Dead songbook, as well as their own original music and that of several other well-known artists. In addition to the original members (with the exception of Jay Lane, who left the band in March 2010 to rejoin his previous band, Primus), the band's lineup included backup vocalists Sunshine Becker of the a cappella ensemble SoVoSó and Jeff Pehrson of the folk rock bands Box Set and the Fall Risk.

[Wikipedia: First Data] First Data Corporation is a global payment technology solutions company headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia, United States. The company's STAR interbank network offers PIN-secured debit acceptance at ATM and retail locations.

[Wikipedia: Belarusian State Academy of Arts] The Belarusian State Academy of Arts (Belarusian: Беларуская дзяржаўная акадэмія мастацтваў Russian: Белорусская государственная академия искусств) is a state-owned institution of higher education in Minsk, Belarus. The Belarusian State Academy of Arts has status as a leading institution of the national system of art and cultural education alongside the Belarusian State Academy of Music and the Belarusian State University of Culture and the Arts.

[Wikipedia: Beethoven's Last Night] Beethoven's Last Night is a rock opera by the Trans-Siberian Orchestra, released in 2000. The album tells the fictional story of Ludwig van Beethoven on the last night of his life, as the devil, Mephistopheles, comes to collect his soul. With the help of Fate and her son Twist, Beethoven unwittingly tricks the devil and is allowed to keep his soul which he had thought lost, but that the devil had no claim on. The album is a rock opera featuring many classical crossover rock songs which are clearly based on melodies from classical music, particularly Beethoven's works. It is the first Trans-Siberian Orchestra album that does not feature Christmas themes. The original cover art was created by Edgar Jerins, and re-issued cover art was created by Greg Hildebrandt.

[Wikipedia: 2012–13 FC Bayern Munich season] The 2012–13 FC Bayern Munich season was the 114th season in the club's history and the 48th consecutive season in the top flight of German football, the Bundesliga, since the promotion of the team from the Regionalliga Süd in 1965. Before the start of the season, Bayern signed Xherdan Shaqiri, Dante, Claudio Pizarro, Mitchell Weiser, Tom Starke and Mario Mandžukić. Bayern also added holding midfielder Javi Martínez after the first week of the Bundesliga season at the transfer deadline. The club started the season with a nine-match winning streak. The club would end the season claiming the Treble, winning the Bundesliga, the UEFA Champions League and the DFB-Pokal. Bayern are the first German club to achieve the Treble and are the third European Club to complete the Treble in the last five seasons and seventh ever in European Club competition.

[Wikipedia: Pontotoc County School District] The Pontotoc County School District is a public school district based in Pontotoc County, Mississippi (USA).

[Wikipedia: Haunted Mansion Holiday] Haunted Mansion Holiday, also known as Haunted Mansion Holiday Nightmare, is a seasonal overlay of the Haunted Mansion attraction at Disneyland and Tokyo Disneyland that blends the settings and characters of the original Haunted Mansion with those of Tim Burton's 1993 film "The Nightmare Before Christmas". Taking inspiration from "The Night Before Christmas", the attraction retells the story of Jack Skellington (as "Sandy Claws") visiting the Haunted Mansion on Christmas Eve, leaving holiday chaos in his wake.

[Wikipedia: Roland Emmerich] Roland Emmerich (] ; born November 10, 1955) is a German film director, screenwriter, and producer, widely known for his disaster films. His films, most of which are English-language Hollywood productions, have made more than $3 billion worldwide, including just over $1 billion in the United States, making him the country's 11th-highest grossing director of all time. He began his work in the film industry by directing the film "The Noah's Ark Principle" (1984) as part of his university thesis and also co-founded Centropolis Entertainment in 1985 with his sister. He is a collector of art and an active campaigner for the LGBT community, and is openly gay. He is also a campaigner for awareness of global warming and human rights.

[Wikipedia: 1995 Schweppes Tasmanian International – Doubles] Linda Harvey-Wild and Chanda Rubin were the defending champions but they competed with different partners that year, Harvey-Wild with Leila Meskhi and Rubin with Kristie Boogert.

[Wikipedia: Ashok Seth] Ashok Seth is an Indian interventional cardiologist, credited with the performance of over 50,000 angiograms and 20,000 angioplasties, which has been included in the Limca Book of Records, a reference book for achievements and records from an Indian perspective. He is a Fellow of the Royal Colleges of Physicians of London, Edinburgh and Ireland and serves as the chief cardiologist, holding the chairs of the department of cardiovascular sciences and cardiology council at the Fortis Healthcare. Seth, a recipient of the Order of Isabella the Catholic, was honored by the Government of India with the fourth highest Indian civilian award of Padma Shri, in 2003, followed by Padma Bhushan, the third highest Indian civilian award, in 2015.

[Wikipedia: Moses Rischin] Moses Rischin (born 1925) is an American Jewish historian, author, lecturer, editor, and emeritus professor of history at San Francisco State University. He coined the phrase new Mormon history in a 1969 article of the same name. Rischin is from New York City. His undergraduate studies were at Brooklyn College. Harvard University awarded him a PhD in 1957. In addition to his professorship, he sits on the board for the "Journal of American Ethnic History" and on the council of the American Jewish History Society. There is an annual lecture given in his honor at the Western Jewish History Center, where he is director. There is a collection of historical essays published in Rischin's honor, and a supporting character, Meyer Meyer in the 87th Precinct series, may have been partly modeled after him.

[Wikipedia: Up There Down There] "Up There Down There" is a rock song written by Patti Smith and Fred "Sonic" Smith. It was released as the third single from Patti Smith's 1988 album "Dream of Life".

[Wikipedia: Patrick Burns (paranormal investigator)] Patrick Burns (born 1968) is an American paranormal investigator, best known as star of the TruTV (formerly Court TV) series "Haunting Evidence". He is the founder of the popular website Ghost Hounds, which in 2001 was featured in an Emmy award-winning Turner documentary "Interact Atlanta - 'Ghost Hounds' ". Burns is also the organizer and director of Ghostock, paranormal enthusiast events held at various locations across the USA, and is a professional photographer through Patrick Burns Photography.

[Wikipedia: List of awards and nominations received by Vikram] Vikram is an Indian Tamil film actor. After making his cinematic debut in the 1990 film "En Kadhal Kanmani", he acted in a series of small-budget Tamil, Telugu and Malayalam films. It was Bala's tragedy film "Sethu" (1999) that established Vikram in the Tamil film industry. In the early 2000s Vikram appeared in a series of masala films—"Dhill", "Gemini", "Dhool" and "Saamy" all becoming commercially successful. During this period, Vikram performed diverse roles and received critical acclaim for his performances in "Kasi" and "Samurai". In 2003, Vikram's performance as an autistic gravedigger in "Pithamagan" won a lot of acclaim and secured his first National Film Award for Best Actor. His portrayal as an innocent man with multiple personality disorder in Shankar's "Anniyan" was commercially successful. The film also fetched him a Filmfare Best Actor Award. Vikram's portrayal as a tribal leader in Mani Ratnam's "Raavanan" saw him secure further acclaim. He is only the third actor to receive a National Film Award for Best Actor in the Tamil film industry. Vikram is known for his intense performances, with his work often fetching critical acclaim and commercial success. He has won a National Film Award and seven Filmfare Awards South, of which five are Best Actor awards.

[Wikipedia: Kazuyuki Fujita] Kazuyuki Fujita (藤田 和之 , Fujita Kazuyuki ) (born October 16, 1970) is a Japanese professional wrestler, mixed martial artist and a former amateur wrestler. He has fought in mixed martial arts promotions including Pride Fighting Championships, K-1 and World Victory Road. He competes in mixed martial arts, shoot style wrestling and puroresu, and holds notable victories over Ken Shamrock, Gilbert Yvel, Mark Kerr, Bob Sapp, Karam Gaber, Peter Graham, and James Thompson.

[Wikipedia: Tangled: The Series] Tangled: The Series is an American animated musical fantasy television series that premiered on Disney Channel on March 10, 2017 as a movie, and began airing regular episodes from March 24, 2017. It is based on Disney's 2010 computer-animated film "Tangled" directed by Nathan Greno and Byron Howard. It takes place between the original movie and the short "Tangled Ever After". A teaser trailer was released during the Disney Channel Original Movie, "The Swap". It began as a Disney Channel Original Movie, titled "", which premiered on March 10, 2017.

[Wikipedia: Pseudoproxy] A pseudoproxy is a synthetic dataset used in paleoclimatology to test methods of reconstruction of global or hemispherical climate change from temperature records, developed for reconstructing the temperature record of the past 1000 years using proxies for periods before the instrumental temperature record. In May 2002 Michael E. Mann and Scott Rutherford published a paper introducing this method of adding artificial noise to actual temperature records or to climate model simulations to produce what they called "pseudoproxies". When the reconstruction algorithms were used with these pseudoproxies, the result was then compared with the original record or simulation to see how closely it had been reconstructed. They discussed the issue that regression methods of reconstruction tended to underestimate the amplitude of variation.

[Wikipedia: The Best of LeAnn Rimes] The Best of LeAnn Rimes is a greatest hits album by American country singer LeAnn Rimes, released in 2004, it tweaks the 2003 U.S. release "Greatest Hits", leaving behind some of the purer country hits that didn't translate outside of the U.S.—notably, Al Anderson's "Big Deal"—and concentrating on her big pop crossover hits, including "How Do I Live," "Can't Fight the Moonlight” and her duet with Ronan Keating, "Last Thing on My Mind.

[Wikipedia: Sam Hunt discography] American singer and songwriter Sam Hunt has released one studio album, one mixtape, one extended play, seven singles and seven music videos. Hunt signed a record deal with MCA Nashville and launched his musical career with the release of the single "Raised on It" in 2013; it received moderate chart success, only peaking at number 49 on the US Hot Country Songs chart. It was succeeded with the launch of his debut studio album "Montevallo" in October 2014. The album topped the US Top Country Albums chart and peaked at number three on the US "Billboard" 200. It was certified 2× Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) and reach over a million in sales in the country by February 2016. The album also peaked at number two on the Canadian Albums Chart and received a Gold certification from Music Canada. "Montevallo" spawned five singles, including the international hit "Take Your Time" which peaked at number 20 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 and topped the Hot Country Songs chart; it was later certified 3× Platinum by the RIAA.

[Wikipedia: McFarland, USA] McFarland, USA (also known as McFarland) is a 2015 American sports drama film directed by Niki Caro, produced by Mark Ciardi and Gordon Gray, written by Christopher Cleveland, Bettina Gilois and Grant Thompson with music composed by Antônio Pinto. The film was co-produced by Walt Disney Pictures and Mayhem Pictures. Based on the true story of a 1987 cross country team from a mainly Latino high school in McFarland, California, the film stars Kevin Costner as Jim White, the school's coach, who leads the team to win a state championship. The film also stars Maria Bello and Morgan Saylor.

[Wikipedia: Bramah N. Singh] Bramah N. Singh (3 March 1938 - 20 September 2014) was a cardiac pharmacologist and academic. Born in Fiji, he graduated in medicine from University of Otago (New Zealand) in 1963 and completed residency at Auckland Hospital, followed by a cardiology fellowship at Greenlane Hospital. In 1969, Singh was awarded a Nuffield travelling fellowship and moved to Oxford to work with the Miles Vaughan Williams. There, he worked on the anti-arrhythmic properties of drugs including amiodarone. Such work helped to refine the characteristics of Class III compounds in the developing Vaughan Williams classification. Some reviews on antidysrythmic drugs during his lifeyime credited his work in developing the classification system equally with Vaughan Williams, leading to the classification sometimes being called the Singh Vaughan Williams classification.

[Wikipedia: French Spaniel] The French Spaniel (Epagneul Français) is a breed of dog of the Spaniel-like setter. It was developed in France and Canada as a hunting dog, descended from dogs of the 14th century. Popular with royalty during the Middle Ages, it nearly became extinct by the turn of the 20th century but was saved by the efforts of Father Fournier, a French priest. One of the largest breeds of Spaniel, it typically has a white coat with brown markings. It is a friendly breed that has few health issues, but can be affected by a syndrome called acral mutilation and analgesia. The breed is recognised by Canadian and international kennel clubs but not by The Kennel Club (UK). The American Kennel Club has included the breed in its Foundation Stock Service, the first step to full recognition.

[Wikipedia: David Rendall] David Rendall (born 11 October 1948) is an English operatic tenor.

[Wikipedia: Suran (singer)] Shin Su-ran (Hangul: 신수란), also known by her stage names Elena (Hangul: 엘에나) and Baily Shoo (Hangul: 베일리 슈), and better known by the mononym Suran (Hangul: 수란), is a South Korean singer-songwriter and record producer. She debuted as part of the duo, Lodia, on July 9, 2014, with the single "I Got A Feeling". In 2017, she has also appeared on MBC's "King of Mask Singer" (episodes 93–94) as a contestant named "Skip to the End, Hello".

[Wikipedia: Staying Alive (1983 film)] Staying Alive is a 1983 American dance film starring John Travolta as dancer Tony Manero, with Cynthia Rhodes, Finola Hughes, Joyce Hyser, Julie Bovasso, and dancers Viktor Manoel and Kevyn Morrow. The sequel to 1977's "Saturday Night Fever", it was directed, co-produced and co-written by Sylvester Stallone. The title comes from the Bee Gees song of the same name, which was used as the theme song to "Saturday Night Fever" and is also played during the final scene of "Staying Alive". The choreography was arranged by Dennon and Sayhber Rawles

[Wikipedia: I'll Keep the Lovelight Burning] "I'll Keep the Lovelight Burning" is a popular song written in 1942 by Harry Tobias, Nick Kenny, and Harold Levey, popularized by Patti Page in 1949. Louis Armstrong also covered the song in 1949.

[Wikipedia: Juarez (film)] Juarez is a 1939 American historical drama film directed by William Dieterle. The screenplay by Aeneas MacKenzie, John Huston, and Wolfgang Reinhardt is based on the biography "The Phantom Crown" by Bertita Harding and the play "Juarez and Maximilian" by Franz Werfel.

[Wikipedia: SouthPark Mall (Charlotte, North Carolina)] SouthPark is a shopping mall named after the affluent SouthPark neighborhood the mall is located in. The mall is located approximately five miles (8 km) south of Uptown Charlotte, North Carolina at the corner of Sharon and Fairview Roads. With 1790000 sqft , SouthPark is the largest mall in Charlotte and the Carolinas, as well as one of the most profitable malls in the country with sales at over $700 per square foot. It is the 10th largest on the East Coast and is the 28th largest in the United States. SouthPark is the most congested shopping area in the United States during Black Friday weekend.

[Wikipedia: Boonecroft] Boonecroft is a historic homestead located at Exeter Township, Berks County, Pennsylvania. It includes the remains of the 1720 log cabin built by Quaker settler George Boone, III. The remains consists of a chimney and fireplace and commemorated by a stone marker erected in 1925. The log cabin burned in 1924. The adjacent stone farmhouse was built in 1733, and is a 2 1/2-story Colonial English style structure. It is built of fieldstone with sandstone quoins, and has a slate covered gable roof. It has a one-story, stone addition. Also on the property are the contributing guesthouse / spring house, smokehouse, and barn. The property is considered the ancestral home of the Boone Family in America, that includes frontiersman Daniel Boone, grandson of George Boone, III. Daniel Boone was born at the nearby Daniel Boone Homestead.

[Wikipedia: Alister McGrath] Alister Edgar McGrath {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (born 23 January 1953) is a Northern Irish theologian, priest, intellectual historian, scientist, and Christian apologist. He currently holds the Andreas Idreos Professorship in Science and Religion in the Faculty of Theology and Religion at the University of Oxford, and is Professor of Divinity at Gresham College. He was previously Professor of Theology, Ministry, and Education at King's College London and Head of the Centre for Theology, Religion and Culture, Professor of Historical Theology at the University of Oxford, and was principal of Wycliffe Hall, Oxford, until 2005. He is an Anglican priest.

[Wikipedia: Druid (band)] Druid was a 1970s progressive rock band from England, and initially came to public attention by winning a 1974 unsigned band contest by "Melody Maker" magazine. The band went on to perform on "The Old Grey Whistle Test" and to record two albums. Their sound was notably influenced by Yes.

[Wikipedia: Ohio Union] The Ohio Union serves as a student activity center for students of The Ohio State University. When the Union was established in 1910, it was the first student union at a public university. The Ohio Union provides facilities for student activities, organizations/events, and campus and community interaction. Many student services and programs are housed in the union, along with dining and recreational facilities. It also serves as the home base for the D-Tix program, which provides discounted tickets to students. On March 29, 2010, the current Ohio Union was erected.

[Wikipedia: Langto] The term 'Langto' is a colloquial Bengali word meaning Naked and bare. The idea behind titling of the Film lies in the very moral of the Story Concept. In this three dimensional space of Time, every living being must experience duality. We, the Humans, possess an angel and a beast within us. Both of them have their own rules and desires to follow.

[Wikipedia: Mimosa invisa] Mimosa invisa is a species of leguminous woody shrub or vine native to South America. "Mimosa invisa" includes two subspecies, each with two varieties:

[Wikipedia: Myles Kennedy] Myles Richard Kennedy (born Myles Richard Bass; November 27, 1969) is an American musician, singer, and songwriter, best known as the lead vocalist and rhythm guitarist of the rock band Alter Bridge, and as the lead vocalist in guitarist Slash's backing band, known as Myles Kennedy and the Conspirators. A former guitar instructor from Spokane, Washington, he has worked as a session musician and songwriter, making both studio and live appearances with several artists, and has been involved with several projects throughout his career.

[Wikipedia: Orleans Canal] The Orleans Canal is a drainage canal in New Orleans, Louisiana. The canal, along with the 17th Street Canal and the London Avenue Canal, form the New Orleans Outfall Canals. The current version of the canal is about 2 km long, running along the up-river side of City Park, through the Lakeview and Lakeshore neighborhood, and into Lake Pontchartrain. It is part of the system used to pump rain water out of the streets of the city into the Lake. The Canal has also been known as the Orleans Avenue Canal, the Orleans Outfall Canal, the Orleans Tail Race, and early on, the Girod Canal,

[Wikipedia: Selfridges, Oxford Street] Selfridges is a Grade II listed retail premises on Oxford Street in London. It was designed by Daniel Burnham for Harry Gordon Selfridge, and opened in 1909. Still the headquarters of Selfridge & Co. department stores, with 540000 sqft of selling space, the store is the second largest retail premises in the UK, half as big as the biggest department store in Europe, Harrods. It was named the world's best department store in 2010, and again in 2012.

[Wikipedia: Flag of Hungary] The flag of Hungary (Hungarian: "Magyarország zászlaja" ) is a horizontal tricolour of red, white and green. In this exact form, it has been the official flag of Hungary since May 23, 1957. The flag's form originates from national republican movements of the 18th and 19th centuries, while its colours are from the Middle Ages. The current Hungarian tricolour flag is the same as the republican movement flag of the United Kingdom (used since 1816).

[Wikipedia: Lenox Hill Neighborhood House] Lenox Hill Neighborhood House (the “Neighborhood House”) is a multi-service community-based organization that serves people in need on the East Side of Manhattan and on Roosevelt Island. Founded in 1894 as a free kindergarten for the children of indigent immigrants and as one of the first settlement houses in the nation, Lenox Hill Neighborhood House is the oldest and largest provider of social, legal and educational services on Manhattan’s Upper East Side. Each year, they assist thousands of individuals and families who range in age from 3 to 103, represent dozens of races, ethnicities and countries of origin and "live, work, go to school or access services" on the East Side from 14th Street to 143rd Street and on Roosevelt Island. Their clients include indigent families and the working poor who live in the East Side's housing projects and tenements or who travel to the Upper East Side to work in low-wage jobs such as cashiers, housekeepers, nannies and laborers; 10,000 seniors; and hundreds of mentally ill homeless and formerly homeless adults. They have five locations between 54th and 102nd Streets, offer programs at dozens of East Side locations; their headquarters is located on East 70th Street.

[Wikipedia: Bourbon whiskey] Bourbon whiskey is a type of American whiskey, a barrel-aged distilled spirit made primarily from corn. The name is derived from the French Bourbon dynasty, although it is unclear precisely what inspired the whiskey's name (contenders include Bourbon County in Kentucky and Bourbon Street in New Orleans). Bourbon has been distilled since the 18th century. The use of the term "bourbon" for the whiskey has been traced to the 1820s, and the term began to be used consistently in Kentucky in the 1870s. While bourbon may be made anywhere in the United States, it is strongly associated with the American South, and with Kentucky in particular. As of 2014, the distillers' wholesale market revenue for bourbon sold within the U.S. is about $2.7 billion, and bourbon makes up about two-thirds of the $1.6 billion of U.S. exports of distilled spirits.

[Wikipedia: Kentucky Route 1065] Kentucky Route 1065 (KY 1065) is a 13.715 mi state highway located in Louisville, Kentucky. The western terminus of the route is at Kentucky Route 907 a short distance west of Kentucky Route 841 (Gene Snyder Freeway) exit 6 in the Louisville neighborhood of Auburndale. The eastern terminus is at Kentucky Route 1819 in Fern Creek.

[Wikipedia: Balkan News Corporation] Balkan News Corporation was a Bulgarian media company, which operated the bTV and Fox International Channels for Bulgaria. It was formerly owned by News Corporation. In April 2010 the bTV channel was bought by Central European Media Enterprises, who owned the channels PRO.BG and RING.BG in Bulgaria. The FOX channels in Bulgaria (Fox Life and Fox Crime) continue to air under the company brand of "FOX Intl. Channels BG", again owned by News Corporation.

[Wikipedia: I'm in the Mood for Love (Eddie Fisher album)] I'm in the Mood for Love is the name of a 1952 album by Eddie Fisher, reissued in 1955, featuring the song of the same name. It was issued as a 10-inch long-playing record by RCA Victor Records.

[Wikipedia: Rio Hondo High School] Rio Hondo High School is a high school in Rio Hondo, Texas. It is a part of the Rio Hondo Independent School District.

[Wikipedia: The Rat Race] The Rat Race is a 1960 American drama film directed by Robert Mulligan and starring Tony Curtis and Debbie Reynolds as struggling young entertainment professionals in New York City. Filming took place in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Sam Butera and Gerry Mulligan have minor roles as saxophonists.

[Wikipedia: The Sean Hannity Show] The Sean Hannity Show is a talk radio show hosted by Sean Hannity on Cumulus Media Networks (formerly ABC Radio Networks) and Premiere Radio Networks. The program is broadcast live every weekday, 3 p.m. to 6 p.m. ET. The show is produced in the New York City studios of radio station WOR or sometimes transmitted via ISDN from Hannity's home in Centre Island, New York. The show is syndicated by Cumulus Media Networks on terrestrial radio affiliates across the United States and the Sirius XM Patriot channel found on both XM Satellite Radio and Sirius Satellite Radio Monday through Friday from 3-6 p.m. (Eastern Time). The primary focus is the politics of the day, with regular interviews of liberal commentators, such as Leslie Marshall and Bob Beckel, as well as noted conservatives. "The Sean Hannity Show" is the second most-listened to commercial radio show with millions of listeners, behind only "The Rush Limbaugh Show".

[Wikipedia: Happy Death Day] Happy Death Day is an upcoming American slasher film directed by Christopher B. Landon and written by Scott Lobdell. It stars Jessica Rothe and Israel Broussard. The film was produced by Jason Blum through his Blumhouse Productions banner.

[Wikipedia: Sue Bierman Park] Sue Bierman Park, also known as Ferry Park, is a park in San Francisco, California in the Financial District. Sue Bierman Park replaced off-ramps just north of the Embarcadero Center, and next to the park Ferry Plaza was constructed in front of the San Francisco Ferry Building, which itself was remodeled into an upscale gourmet marketplace in 2003. The park is named after Sue Bierman, a San Francisco civic activist and Supervisor.

[Wikipedia: Queens] Queens is the easternmost and largest in area of the five boroughs of New York City. It is geographically adjacent to the borough of Brooklyn at the southwestern end of Long Island, and to Nassau County farther east on Long Island; in addition, Queens shares water borders with the boroughs of Manhattan and the Bronx. Coterminous with Queens County since 1899, the borough of Queens is the second-largest in population (after Brooklyn), with a census-estimated 2,333,054 residents in 2016, approximately 48% of them foreign-born. Queens County also is the second-most populous county in the U.S. state of New York, behind the neighboring borough of Brooklyn, which is coterminous with Kings County. Queens is the fourth-most densely populated county among New York City's boroughs, as well as in the United States. If each of New York City's boroughs were an independent city, Queens also would be the nation's fourth most populous, after Los Angeles, Chicago, and Brooklyn. Queens is the most ethnically diverse urban area in the world.

[Wikipedia: Wo/Men's Alliance for Medical Marijuana] Wo/Men's Alliance for Medical Marijuana (WAMM) is a non-profit medicinal cannabis dispensing collective located in Santa Cruz, California. WAMM was founded in 1993 by Valerie Leveroni Corral and her then husband Michael Corral. Members receive medicinal cannabis in exchange for volunteer work. There is no charge for members who are too ill to work. WAMM is the first medical marijuana collective to receive non-profit status from the United States Government.

[Wikipedia: 1915 Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets football team] The 1915 Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets football team represented the Georgia Tech Golden Tornado of the Georgia Institute of Technology during the 1915 college football season. The Tornado was coached by John Heisman in his 12th year as head coach, compiling a record of 7–0–1 and outscoring opponents 233 to 24. Georgia Tech played its home games at Grant Field. The Tech team claims a Southern championship, and had what was then the greatest season in its history.

[Wikipedia: Supertubos] The Supertubos (Portuguese for "Supertubes") is a beach located in Peniche, Portugal, which due to its great conditions of surfing and its curvy waves and tubes helds every year the MEO Rip Curl Pro Portugal, one of the World Surf League Men's Championship Tour events.

[Wikipedia: Kim Warwick] Kim Warwick (born 8 April 1952) is an Australian former professional male tennis player who competed on the ATP Tour from 1970–1987 reaching the final of the singles Australian Open in 1980. He defeated over 35 players ranked in the top 10 including Guillermo Vilas, Raul Ramerez, Vitas Gerulaitis, Jan Kodeš, Bob Lutz and Arthur Ashe. Warwick's career-high singles ranking was World No. 15, achieved in 1981. He won three singles titles and 26 doubles, including Australian Open 1978 (with Wojtek Fibak) and Australian Open 1980 and 1981, Roland Garros 1986 and also a runner-up in Australian Open 1985, all of them partnering fellow countryman Mark Edmondson. Partnering with Evonne Goolagong, he won the French Open 1972, defeating Françoise Dürr and Jean-Claude Barclay in the final 6–2, 6–4. Evonne and Kim were finalists in 1972 at Wimbledon against Rosie Casals and Ilie Năstase who won 6–4, 6–4.

[Wikipedia: The Adorable Cheat] The Adorable Cheat is a 1928 silent film starring Lila Lee and distributed by an independent film company, Chesterfield Motion Pictures. It was directed by Burton L. King with a copy being long held by The Library of Congress.

[Wikipedia: Volume 4 (Joe Jackson album)] Volume 4 was an album released in 2003 by British musician Joe Jackson. It was the first album to feature the Joe Jackson Band since the 1980 release, "Beat Crazy", and it was Jackson's first rock 'n' roll album since "Laughter and Lust," which was released in 1991. As before, the Joe Jackson Band consisted of Jackson, Graham Maby, David Houghton and Gary Sanford. It was released to moderately positive reviews. Rolling Stone rated it 3/5, stating that it was less visceral than his early-1980s music, but that "when it comes to edgy, sensitive-guy rock, he proves on Volume 4 that he still is the man." AllMusic rated it 3.5/5, stating that "Volume 4 isn't as lively or vital as his first five albums, but it's also more satisfying as a pop record than anything he's done since Body & Soul, which is more than enough to make it a worthy comeback." The album was followed by a lengthy tour.

[Wikipedia: Manly Times] Manly Times (Bulgarian: "Мъжки времена" / "Mazhki vremena") is a Bulgarian drama film released in 1977, directed by Eduard Zahariev, starring Grigor Vachkov, Mariana Dimitrova, Velko Kanev and Pavel Popandov. The screenplay, written by Nikolay Haytov is based on the short stories "Manly Times" and "Wedding" from his book "Wild Stories" (1967).

[Wikipedia: 1971 San Francisco Bay oil spill] The 1971 San Francisco Bay oil spill occurred when two Standard Oil tankers, the "Arizona Standard" and the "Oregon Standard", collided on January 19, 1971, in the San Francisco Bay. The resulting 800,000 gallon spill, the largest in Bay Area history, threatened sensitive natural habitats both inside and outside the bay, including the Bolinas Lagoon, and contributed to the growth of activism against pollution, after thousands of bay area residents volunteered to clean up beaches and rescue oil soaked birds. A number of environmental organizations had their origins in the spill cleanup. Standard Oil spent more than $1 million in the clean-up.

[Wikipedia: The Herd (1978 film)] The Herd (Turkish: "Sürü" ) is a 1978 Turkish drama film, written, produced and co-directed by Yılmaz Güney with Zeki Ökten during Güney's second imprisonment, featuring Tarık Akan as a peasant, forced by a local blood feud to sell his sheep in far away Ankara. The film, which went on nationwide general release on  27, 1978 (1978--) , was screened in competition at the 30th Berlin International Film Festival, where it won Interfilm and OCIC Awards, the Locarno International Film Festival, where it won Golden Leopard and Special Mention, was scheduled to compete in the cancelled 17th Antalya Golden Orange Film Festival, for which it received 6 Belated Golden Oranges, including Best Film and Best Director, was awarded the BFI Sutherland Trophy and was voted one of the 10 Best Turkish Films by the Ankara Cinema Association.

[Wikipedia: Dick DeVos] Richard Marvin "Dick" DeVos Jr. (born October 21, 1955) is an American entrepreneur-businessman and author from Michigan. The son of Amway co-founder Richard DeVos, he served as CEO of the consumer goods distribution company from 1993 to 2002. In 2006, DeVos ran for Governor of Michigan, but lost to the then Democratic incumbent Jennifer Granholm. In 2012, "Forbes" magazine listed his father as the 67th richest person in the United States, with a net worth of approximately $5.1 billion.

[Wikipedia: United States presidential election, 1892] The United States presidential election of 1892 was the 27th quadrennial presidential election, held on Tuesday, November 8, 1892. It witnessed a re-match of the closely contested presidential election in 1888. Former Democratic President Grover Cleveland and incumbent Republican President Benjamin Harrison both ran for election to a second term. In 1888, Cleveland won the popular vote over Harrison, but lost in the electoral college. In a re-match, Cleveland won both the popular and electoral vote, thus becoming the first and to date only person in American history to be elected to a second, non-consecutive presidential term. The new Populist Party, formed by groups from The Grange, the Farmers' Alliances, and the Knights of Labor, also fielded a ticket; they polled best in the West, winning in five states and taking a total of 22 electoral votes.

[Wikipedia: Face (2009 film)] Face is a 2009 Taiwanese-French film written and directed by Tsai Ming-liang.

[Wikipedia: The Alchemist (Home album)] The Alchemist is an album by British rock band Home, released in 1973 on the CBS Records label. It was the last album released by the group before they went their separate ways in 1974. Cliff Williams went on to join Bandit from 1975 to 1977 before he replaced Mark Evans in Australian hard rock band AC/DC. Guitarist Laurie Wisefield went on to achieve success with the British band Wishbone Ash from 1974 to 1985. The record also featured Jimmy Anderson on keyboards. Though the album was loved by the critics, it did not sell well commercially.

[Wikipedia: Francis Clifford, 4th Earl of Cumberland] Francis Clifford, 4th Earl of Cumberland (15594 January 1641) was a member of the Clifford family which held the seat of Skipton from 1310 to 1676.

[Wikipedia: Orlando Maturana] Maturana made several appearances for the senior Colombia national football team, including four matches at the 1993 Copa América. He officially represented the Colombian national football team in 6 occasions. He also made several appearances for the Colombian national team in unofficial games, most notably in 1993 against Bayern Munich and Palmeiras. Orlando Maturana was a prolific and creative goal scorer who earn a reputation as a poacher. His success in the national team was hampered by the availability of several more successful strikers such as Iván Valenciano, Antony de Ávila, John Jairo Trellez, Víctor Aristizábal, Luis Zuleta, Faustino Asprilla, Adolfo Valencia, and several other members of what is known today as the Colombian dream generation.

[Wikipedia: Brittany Snow] Brittany Anne Snow (born March 9, 1986) is an American actress, producer, and singer.

[Wikipedia: West Branch Little Muncy Creek] West Branch Little Muncy Creek is a tributary of Little Muncy Creek in Sullivan County and Lycoming County, in Pennsylvania, in the United States. It is approximately 3.5 mi long and flows through Davidson Township in Sullivan County and Franklin Township and Jordan Township in Lycoming County. The watershed of the creek has an area of 4.33 sqmi . The creek has one named tributary, which is known as West Creek. The surficial geology in the vicinity of West Branch Little Muncy Creek includes alluvium, bedrock, fill, Wisconsinan and Reworked Illinoian Till, Wisconsinan Till, Wisconsinan Flow-Till, Wisconsinan Till Moraine, and Boulder Colluvium. The creek designated as a Coldwater Fishery and a Migratory Fishery and is being considered for addition to the wild trout waters list of the Pennsylvania Fish and Boat Commission.

[Wikipedia: Singapore Airlines] Singapore Airlines Limited (SIA; ) is the flag carrier of Singapore with its hub at Singapore Changi Airport. The airline uses the Singapore Girl as its central figure in its corporate branding.

[Wikipedia: St. Mary's College, Sault Ste. Marie] St. Mary's College is a high school in Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario, Canada. It was established in 1956 by Basilian priests as an all-boys Catholic high school on St. Georges Avenue. As the school grew in popularity and size, St. Mary's began admitting girls in September 1987. That same year, the school moved into a new building (the former location of Lakeway Collegiate & Vocational School) on Wellington Street. In 2015, St. Mary's College combined with Holy Angels Learning Center and St. Basil's Secondary School in a brand new building located on Second Line East.

[Wikipedia: Live at Carnegie Hall (Stevie Ray Vaughan album)] Live at Carnegie Hall is the ninth album (and third live album) by American blues rock band Stevie Ray Vaughan and Double Trouble, released by Epic Records in July 1997. The album consists of live selections from their sold-out October 4, 1984 benefit concert at Carnegie Hall for the T.J. Martell Foundation. Backed by a ten-piece big band for the second half of the event, Vaughan had celebrated his thirtieth birthday the night before, and called the concert his "best birthday ever, forever". The band's double-set performance, which included several blues and R&B standards, was highly successful, receiving mostly positive reviews from music critics.

[Wikipedia: Les Fradkin] Les Fradkin (born 1951) is an American MIDI guitarist, keyboardist, songwriter, composer, and record producer. He is best known for being a member of the original cast of the hit Broadway show "Beatlemania". In addition to playing MIDI guitar, he plays 12 string guitar, the Starr Labs Ztar, guitar synthesizer, SynthAxe, Hammond organ, Mellotron, piano, bass guitar, and Moog synthesizer.

[Wikipedia: South Dakota v. Dole] South Dakota v. Dole, 483 U.S. 203 (1987), was a case in which the United States Supreme Court considered the limitations the Constitution places on the authority of the United States Congress when it uses its authority to influence the individual states in areas of authority normally reserved to the states. It upheld the constitutionality of a federal statute that withheld federal funds from states whose legal drinking age did not conform to federal policy.

[Wikipedia: Coins of the Hawaiian dollar] In 1847, the Kingdom of Hawaiʻi, under the reign of King Kamehaheha III, issued its first official coinage—a large one-cent copper penny—to alleviate the chronic shortage of small denomination coins circulating in the Hawaiian Islands. The next and last official coinage of the Hawaiian Islands was minted in 1883, by King Kalākaua I; however during the intervening period, the changing needs of the Hawaiian Islands were met by circulating private-issued tokens and the coins of the United States of America.

[Wikipedia: Hewlett Packard Enterprise] Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company (commonly referred to as Hewlett Packard Enterprise or HPE) is an American multinational enterprise information technology company based in Palo Alto, California, founded on 1 November 2015 as part of splitting of the Hewlett-Packard company. HPE is a business-focused organization with four divisions: Enterprise Group, which works in servers, storage, networking, consulting and support; Services; Software; and Financial Services.

[Wikipedia: Hayashi Castle] Hayashi castle was a 15th-century castle, (alternatively known as Hayashi-jo, Fukuyama-jo) in Satoyamabe village, Matsumoto city, Nagano, Japan. A mountain-type castle, it is now largely in ruins. The site is sometimes regarded as one castle, or two castles, Hayashikojo (the small castle) and Hayashiohjo (the larger castle).

[Wikipedia: Metamorphosis of Vivaldi's Four Seasons] Metamorphosis of Vivaldi's Four Seasons is a musical piece featuring guitarist Uli Jon Roth's interpretation of Antonio Vivaldi's work "The Four Seasons", in a rock-classical fusion. The album also includes a new concerto, "Metamorphosis". "Metamorphosis" is separated into 24 tracks bridged by soundscapes and narration. It was released in Europe and Japan in 2003, and in North America in 2004.

[Wikipedia: Gods of the Earth Tour] The "Gods of the Earth" Tour was a worldwide concert tour by American heavy metal band The Sword. The tour, which was in support of the band's second album, "Gods of the Earth", began on March 23, 2008, ended on December 16, 2008 and included eighty-two shows played over six legs. During the tour, and continuing after its conclusion, The Sword have been supporting heavy metal veterans Metallica on their European Vacation and World Magnetic tours.

[Wikipedia: L'Aigle à deux têtes] L'Aigle à deux têtes is a French play in three acts by Jean Cocteau, written in 1943 and first performed in 1946. It is known variously in English as "The Eagle with Two Heads", "The Eagle Has Two Heads", "The Two-Headed Eagle", "The Double-Headed Eagle", and "Eagle Rampant". Cocteau also directed a film of his play which appeared in 1948.

[Wikipedia: Margaret Clifford, Countess of Cumberland] Margaret Clifford ("née" Russell), Countess of Cumberland (7 July 1560 – 24 May 1616) was an English noblewoman and maid of honor to Elizabeth I. Lady Margaret was born in Exeter, England to Francis Russell, 2nd Earl of Bedford and Margaret St John.

[Wikipedia: Fish in a Drawer] "Fish in a Drawer" is the seventeenth episode of the fifth season of "Two and a Half Men" and the 113th episode overall. The episode was written by Evan Dunsky, Sarah Goldfinger, Carol Mendelsohn and Naren Shankar, the writers of "", who swapped shows with the writing staff of "Two and a Half Men".

[Wikipedia: Alexander McDonnell, 9th Earl of Antrim] Alexander Randal Mark McDonnell, 9th Earl of Antrim, (born 3 February 1935) is the son of the late Randal John Somerled McDonnell, 8th Earl of Antrim (1911–1977). As the heir to his father's titles, he was styled Viscount Dunluce from his birth until 1977. He lives mostly at his ancestral home, Glenarm Castle, County Antrim, Northern Ireland.

[Wikipedia: A. Philip Randolph Campus High School] The A. Philip Randolph Campus High School is a four-year public high school in New York City. It is located in Harlem, adjacent to the City College of New York. It occupies a landmark building formerly occupied by The High School of Music & Art. The school was established in 1979 as an educational collaboration between the Board of Education and The City College of New York. The high school is open to all New York City residents, and more than 90% of its graduates attend college. Its daily attendance rate is 90 percent or better throughout the year. The students may take eleven advanced placement (AP) courses in five subject areas as well as college courses at Randolph, The City College, and Borough of Manhattan Community College. In doing so, many students earn college credits while attending high school.

[Wikipedia: Shawnee Mission District Stadium] Shawnee Mission District Stadium is a multi-purpose sport stadium located in Overland Park, Kansas. The facility is primarily used by Shawnee Mission North High School, Shawnee Mission Northwest High School and Shawnee Mission East High School, as well as FC Kansas City of the National Women's Soccer League. Sporting Kansas City, then called the Kansas City Wizards, played at the stadium in a match against the Colorado Rapids during the 2008 Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup.

[Wikipedia: 2015 UEFA Champions League Final] The 2015 UEFA Champions League Final was the final match of the 2014–15 UEFA Champions League, the 60th season of Europe's premier club football tournament organised by UEFA, and the 23rd season since it was renamed from the European Champion Clubs' Cup to the UEFA Champions League. It was played at the Olympiastadion in Berlin, Germany, on 6 June 2015, between Italian side Juventus and Spanish side Barcelona.

[Wikipedia: Joint Terrorism Task Force] A Joint Terrorism Task Force (JTTF) is a partnership between various local, state, and federal agencies, and private organizations that are charged with taking action against terrorism, which includes the investigation of crimes such as wire fraud and identity theft. The agencies that a JTTF comprises generally include the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) and other federal agencies (the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) and its notable components such as the U.S. Coast Guard (USCG), U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE), U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP), the Transportation Security Administration (TSA), and the U.S. Secret Service (USSS), the U.S. Armed Forces, and the Department of State (DOS)'s Diplomatic Security Service (DSS)), state and local law enforcement agencies, and specialized agencies, such as railroad police.

[Wikipedia: Kingsman: The Secret Service] Kingsman: The Secret Service is a 2014 action spy comedy film directed and co-produced by Matthew Vaughn. The screenplay was written by Vaughn and Jane Goldman, based on the comic book series "Kingsman", created by Dave Gibbons and Mark Millar. It follows the recruitment and training of Gary "Eggsy" Unwin (Taron Egerton), into a secret spy organisation. Eggsy joins a mission to tackle a global threat from Richmond Valentine (Samuel L. Jackson), a wealthy megalomaniac. The film also stars Colin Firth, Mark Strong, and Michael Caine.

[Wikipedia: Michelle Reis] Michelle Monique Reis (born 20 June 1970) is a Hong Kong actress of Portuguese and Shanghainese descent. She is the winner of Miss Chinese International Pageant 1988 and Miss Hong Kong 1988 Beauty pageants.

[Wikipedia: Fallen Angel (1945 film)] Fallen Angel is a 1945 black-and-white film noir directed by Otto Preminger, with cinematography by Joseph LaShelle, who had also worked with Preminger on "Laura" a year before. The film features Alice Faye, Dana Andrews, Linda Darnell, and Charles Bickford. It was the last film Faye made as a major Hollywood star, and she did not make another film until "State Fair" (1962).

[Wikipedia: Charles Durning] Charles Edward Durning (February 28, 1923 – December 24, 2012) was an American actor, with appearances in over 200 movies, television shows and plays. Durning's best-known roles included "The Sting" (1973) and "Dog Day Afternoon" (1975), along with the comedies "The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas" (1982), "Tootsie" (1982), and "To Be or Not to Be" (1983).

[Wikipedia: Chicago: City on the Make] Chicago: City on the Make is an essay by Nelson Algren published in 1951. Initially greeted with scorn by critics and newspaper editors in the city of its gaze (The "Chicago Daily News" famously called it a "Case for Ra(n)t Control"), it is now widely regarded by scholars as the definitive prose portrait of the city of Chicago, although it has never rivaled the literary status of Carl Sandburg's 1916 poem "Chicago." Algren leans heavily on the imagery and themes developed by Sandburg, to whom Algren dedicated the book. Curiously, he also quietly leans upon a poem about New York called "The City" by Ben Maddow, from whom Algren lifted powerful images of urban life. Subsequent portraits of Chicago, such as Studs Terkel's 1985 "Chicago", have likewise leaned heavily upon Algren's work.

[Wikipedia: Dana Brown] Dana Brown (born December 11, 1959 in Dana Point, California) is an American surfer and filmmaker, and is the oldest son of filmmaker Bruce Brown. His films include "The Endless Summer Revisited" (2000) which is made up of unused footage from "The Endless Summer" (1964) and "The Endless Summer II" (1994), as well as some original interviews with the stars of those films. His first all-original film was "Step Into Liquid" (2003) followed by a documentary on the Baja 1000 titled "Dust to Glory" (2005). In 2009, he debuted a new film called "Highwater" during the 100th anniversary of the Santa Monica Pier; the film follows life on the North Shore and the surfers who compete in the Vans Triple Crown of Surfing. In 2014, the movie "On Any Sunday, The Next Chapter" continues the saga of motocross documentaries which began with the 1972 Academy Award for Documentary Feature nominated film "On Any Sunday" (1971).

[Wikipedia: Ron Cyrus] Ronald Ray "Ron" Cyrus (July 10, 1935 – February 28, 2006) was an American Democratic politician and public servant in Greenup County, Kentucky. He was the father of American country music singer/actor Billy Ray Cyrus and the paternal grandfather of Trace Cyrus, Miley Cyrus and Noah Cyrus.

[Wikipedia: Finish What Ya Started] "Finish What Ya Started" is a song by Van Halen taken from their 1988 album "OU812". Despite the album being seemingly complete, Eddie Van Halen came up with the riff at 2 in the morning and went down to his then-neighbor Sammy Hagar to show it. Hagar let Eddie in, and the two played guitars in his balcony until they had a completed song. Once Eddie left, Hagar decided to write the lyrics despite being late at night. The theme wound up being unfulfilled sex, summed up by Hagar as "blue balls. In the song, Eddie Van Halen recorded his guitar part on a Fender Stratocaster plugged direct into the studio mixing console. The song is one of only two Van Halen tracks featuring Sammy Hagar playing a rhythm guitar part, which he played on a Gibson acoustic.

[Wikipedia: Phantasmagore] Phantasmagore is the third studio album from the rock band Deadsy. It was released on August 22, 2006 through Immortal Records. The album debuted at #176 on the "Billboard" 200 chart. "Phantasmagore" had been delayed numerous times since its original release date in 2004, citing label issues and overall complications. A video shoot for the original choice for first single, "Book of Black Dreams", was planned for June at the Sedlec Ossuary in Prague, but had to be rescheduled, and was later canceled. "Carrying Over" and its acoustic version from the Family Values Tour compilation album were both slated for release in January 2007. These plans eventually folded when Deadsy announced their hiatus.

[Wikipedia: Tricked (That's the Way I Like It)] "Tricked (That's the Way I Like It)" is a song by the band God Lives Underwater. It was originally released on their album "Up Off The Floor" in 2004, resulting in significant airplay.

[Wikipedia: Arizona State Route 51] Arizona State Route 51 (SR 51), also known as the Piestewa Freeway, is a numbered state highway in Phoenix, Arizona. It connects Interstate 10 just outside Downtown Phoenix with Loop 101 on the north side of Phoenix, making it one of the area's major freeways. It is a largely north–south route and is known for traversing the Piestewa Peak Recreation Area. The peak was named after Lori Piestewa, the first Native American woman to die in combat in the U.S. Military. Prior to this time, the freeway was known as the Squaw Peak Parkway, a name considered offensive by many Native Americans. Rapid growth and increased traffic demand on the east side of Metro Phoenix made the Piestewa Freeway necessary.

[Wikipedia: Drag Me Down] "Drag Me Down" is a song recorded by English-Irish boy band One Direction for their fifth studio album, "Made in the A.M." (2015). The song was released worldwide on 31 July 2015 and was the band's first single since Zayn Malik's departure earlier that same year. "Drag Me Down" debuted atop the charts in the United Kingdom, Ireland, France, Austria, Australia, and New Zealand. It became the group's first number one single in France and Australia, as well as their fourth number one in New Zealand and the United Kingdom. It debuted at number three on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart and won the fan-voted 'Best Video Award' at the 2016 Brit Awards.

[Wikipedia: Johar Ali Khan] Johar Ali Khan is a Classical Indian violinist. He is the son and disciple of the Late Ustad Gohar Ali Khan of Rampur, one of the greatest violin genius. He belongs to the Patiala Gharana of Rampur. He is the only living classical violinist from Patiala Gharana after his father - late Ustatd Gohar Ali Khan. His grandfather was Ustad Ali Baksh, the founder of Patiala Gharana, who has produced a number of great musicians like Bade Fateh Ali Khan, Amanat Ali Khan, Asad Amanat Ali Khan, and Hamid Ali Khan.

[Wikipedia: Clarence Aquatic Centre] The Clarence Aquatic Centre is a major aquatic sporting facility located in Montagu Bay, in the city of Clarence, Tasmania, Australia.

[Wikipedia: Joshua Bloom] Joshua Simon Bloom (born June 8, 1974 in Washington, D.C.) is an American astrophysicist, full professor of astronomy at the University of California, Berkeley, and was the CTO and co-founder of the machine-learning company wise.io (acquired by General Electric, 2016). He received a Bachelor of Arts in astronomy and astrophysics and physics from the Harvard College in 1996, an M.Phil from Cambridge University in 1997, and a PhD in astronomy from the California Institute of Technology in 2002. He was a Junior Fellow of the Harvard Society of Fellows from 2002 to 2005. His astronomy research focuses on gamma-ray bursts and other astrophysical transients such as supernovae and tidal disruption events. He is author of the book "What Are Gamma-Ray Bursts?" published by Princeton University Press in 2011.

[Wikipedia: Anna Aglatova] Anna Khachaturovna Aglatova (Russian: Анна Хачатуровна Аглатова ) is a Russian soprano singer who was born in Kislovodsk and by 2004 joined the singing department of the Gnessin State Musical College. Prior to it, she was a recipient of the "Sergei Leiferkus grant" from the Vladimir Spivakov Fund and in 2005 made her first public appearance at the Bolshoi Theatre. Her career there, have not started with ease since her father didn't want her to work for Bolshoi. In 2003, she was a recipient of the first prize at the Bella voce International Competition and the same year participated at both the Christmas Festival at Düsseldorf and the fourteenth annual Chaliapin Season at Mineralnye Vody. She also was a participant for "Irina Arkhipova Fund" and was a part of the Novosibirsk Opera and Ballet Theatre. There, in 2006, she sang the role of "Susanna" at the "The Marriage of Figaro" which was performed at the Moscow International Performance Arts Center and was directed by Tatjana Guerbaca while Teodor Currentzis was its conductor. In 2008 she became an All-Russian Festival winner, and next year became "Triumph prize" recipient.

[Wikipedia: SLS station] SLS station (originally Sahara) is a station on the Las Vegas Monorail, in Las Vegas, Nevada, United States. The station is a side platform located at the Sahara Hotel and Casino. The Sahara Station could be reached in two ways: from inside the hotel via a hallway located behind the Casbar Theatre Lounge (closed on May 16, 2011) or from street level on Paradise Road behind the Sahara. The tracks just north of Sahara station were designed to provide access to a possible downtown extension of the monorail via the northern portion of the Las Vegas Strip in the area of the Circus Circus Las Vegas and the Riviera.

[Wikipedia: Stomper the Maverick] Stomper the Maverick is the mascot for the Minnesota State Mavericks athletics teams of the Minnesota State University, Mankato and the associated club teams and charities. During the year, Stomper makes over 250 appearances and is at virtually all home games for University teams as well as regional and charity fund raisers.

[Wikipedia: Friendship Hall] Friendship Hall is a historic home located at East New Market, Dorchester County, Maryland. It is a Georgian-style brick dwelling. It consists of a large five-bay, two-story main block built about 1790; a two-bay one-story passage; and a 1 ⁄ -story kitchen wing. Also on the property is a tall frame smokehouse with board-and-batten siding and a steep gable roof. It is associated with the locally prominent Sulivane family, who first came to Maryland in 1695.

[Wikipedia: Religulous] Religulous ( ) is a 2008 American documentary film written by and starring comedian Bill Maher and directed by Larry Charles. The title of the film is a portmanteau derived from the words "religious" and "ridiculous". The documentary examines and challenges religion and religious belief.

[Wikipedia: Galiens li Restorés] Galiens li Restorés, or Galien le Restoré or Galien rhétoré (in English, "Galien the Restored"), is an Old French "chanson de geste" which borrows heavily from chivalric romance. Its composition dates anywhere from the end of the twelfth century to the middle of the fourteenth century. Five versions of the tale are extant, dating from the fifteenth century to the sixteenth century, one in verse and the others in prose. The story—which is closely linked to the earlier "chansons de geste" "Pèlerinage de Charlemagne" and "The Song of Roland" (especially in the latter's rhymed version)—tells of the adventures of Galien, son of the hero Olivier and of Jacqueline, the daughter of the (fictional) emperor Hugon (Hue the Strong) of Constantinople.

[Wikipedia: Bernard King] Bernard King (born December 4, 1956) is an American retired professional basketball player at the small forward position in the National Basketball Association (NBA). He played 14 seasons with the New Jersey Nets, Utah Jazz, Golden State Warriors, New York Knicks and the Washington Bullets. He was inducted into the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame on September 8, 2013. His younger brother, Albert, has also played in the NBA during his career.

[Wikipedia: Scandal'us] Scandal'us (or Scandal'Us) were the winners of the Australian "Popstars 2" in 2001 (successors of Bardot, the winners of the first Australian "Popstars" in 2000). They won an ARIA chart award for their No. 1 debut single "Me, Myself & I". Their second and final single, "Make Me Crazy", only reached No. 30. Their debut album, "Startin' Somethin'", debuted and peaked at No. 2 on the ARIA Albums Chart. The group disbanded in 2002, having been unable to find a new record label after leaving Festival Mushroom Records.

[Wikipedia: Volume 1 (BNQT album)] Volume 1 is the debut studio album by indie super-group BNQT, lead by Eric Pulido (Midlake) with Ben Bridwell (Band of Horses), Alex Kapranos (Franz Ferdinand), Fran Healy (Travis) and Jason Lytle (Grandaddy), backed by the other members of Midlake. Each member wrote and sang on two tracks each. It was released on 28 April 2017.

[Wikipedia: Iowa Highway 28] Iowa Highway 28 is a 21.73 mi state highway located in south central Iowa. The route begins at Iowa Highway 92 at Martensdale and ends at Interstate 35 / Interstate 80 in Johnston. It is the first major north–south highway east of Interstate 35 in the Des Moines metropolitan area.

[Wikipedia: Dildarian] Dildarian is a studio album by Punjabi singer and actor, Amrinder Gill. This was Amrinder's second ever major success after his previous album Ik Vaada. The album was composed by the "music man", Sukshinder Shinda and had lyrics by Raj Kakra, Dev Raj Jassal, Amarjit Sandhar, Jassi Jallandri, Amerdeep Gill and Satti Khokhewalia.

[Wikipedia: Till I Die (Machine Gun Kelly song)] "Till I Die" is a song by American rapper Machine Gun Kelly. The song premiered via YouTube, on January 5, 2015 and was released in the US on January 6, as the lead single from Machine Gun Kelly's sophomore studio album, "General Admission". It contains references to artists from Cleveland, as well as to the life in the state of Ohio. The song received positive reviews, with critics praising MGK's lyrical ability and inert references to Cleveland, describing the song as a "perfect trap anthem". The song was produced by J.U.S.T.I.C.E. League when the song was recorded in 2014, and the group also handled the distribution of the song. A new version of the song is also featured on the soundtrack for "NBA 2K16".

[Wikipedia: Franklin bells] Franklin bells (also known as Gordon’s Bells or lightning bells) are an early demonstration of electric charge designed to work with a Leyden jar. Franklin bells are only a qualitative indicator of electric charge and were used for simple demonstrations rather than research. This was the first device that converted electrical energy into mechanical energy in the form of continuous mechanical motion, in this case, the moving of a bell clapper back and forth between two oppositely charged bells.

[Wikipedia: Maribel Vinson] Maribel Yerxa Vinson-Owen (October 12, 1911 – February 15, 1961) was an American figure skater and coach. She competed in the disciplines of ladies' singles and pair skating. As a single skater, she was the 1932 Olympic bronze medalist, a two-time World medalist (1928 silver, 1930 bronze), the 1937 North American champion, and a nine-time U.S. national champion. As a pair skater, she was the 1935 North American champion and four-time national champion with George Hill. She also won two national titles with Thornton Coolidge.

[Wikipedia: 1997 Challenge Bell – Doubles] Debbie Graham and Brenda Schultz-McCarthy were the defending champions, but decided not to compete together. Graham partnered with Mariaan de Swardt, but lost in the semifinals to Alexandra Fusai and Nathalie Tauziat. Schultz-McCarthy partnered with Rebecca Jensen, but lost in the first round to Patricia Hy-Boulais and Chanda Rubin.

[Wikipedia: He Who Whispers] He Who Whispers is a mystery novel (1946) by detective novelist John Dickson Carr. Like Many of the works by this author feature so-called impossible crimes (for the most part, falling into the category of the locked room mystery). In this case, the novel falls into a smaller category of Carr's work in that it is suggested that the crime is the work of a supernatural being (here, a vampire). The detective is Dr. Gideon Fell, who ultimately uncovers a rational explanation for the novel's events. Carr considered this one of his best impossible crime novels.

[Wikipedia: Boyacá International Cultural Festival] The Boyacá International Cultural Festival (Spanish: Festival Internacional de la Cultura de Boyacá or just FIC) is one of the major international cultural events held annually in Colombia. The festival presents works in various arts such as music, theater, dance, literature, Academy, Visual Arts, Cinema - Audiovisual, Cultural Heritage cultural exchanges and meetings at various stages in the city of Tunja since 1973. Artists from different corners of the world intertwine their knowledge and their cultures into one universal feeling, through the medium of art, the best mechanism to achieve peace and brotherhood of people. The FIC gathers thousands of artists and has more than 300,000 visits to about 500 events per version. The festival is considered to be one of the most representative of music, dance, the arts, theater, cultural heritage, literature, cinema and expressions of human sensibility.

[Wikipedia: Chuck Martin (American football)] Charles Thomas "Chuck" Martin (born January 8, 1968) is an American football coach and former player. He is currently the head coach at Miami University and was previously the offensive coordinator at the University of Notre Dame. Martin was the head coach at Grand Valley State University from 2004 to 2009, compiling a record of 74–7. His Grand Valley State Lakers won consecutive NCAA Division II National Football Championships in 2005 and 2006 and were runners-up in 2009.

[Wikipedia: Grace Kelly (song)] "Grace Kelly" is a song by the British singer Mika, released for download on 9 January 2007. It also appears on Mika's 2007 album "Life in Cartoon Motion". Produced and mixed by Greg Wells, the song entered the UK Singles Chart at number three and the UK Official Download Chart at number one. One week later, it jumped to the top of the UK Singles Chart. The track was number one on the UK Singles Chart for five weeks, and ended 2007 as the year's third biggest-selling single in that country. In the U.S., "Grace Kelly" was made available for digital download on 16 January 2007. This song was also #89 on "MTV Asia"' s list of Top 100 Hits of 2007. It was designed to be a mocking satire of musicians who try to reinvent themselves to be popular.

[Wikipedia: Stacey Q (album)] Stacey Q is the first extended play by American singer Stacey Q, released in 1985 by On the Spot Records. It was only released in cassette format limited to 500 copies. Produced by Jon St. James, the EP features an early version of her hit song "Two of Hearts", which would later peak at number 3 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and become one of the highest-selling singles of 1986. Other songs on the EP include "Dancing Nowhere," later featured, along with the updated version of "Two of Hearts," on her debut album "Better Than Heaven" (1986) and "Dancing in the Dark", a cover version of Kim Wilde's song. "Shy Girl" was released as a single.

[Wikipedia: VisionPLUS] VisionPLUS is a financial software application from First Data Corporation. Originally developed by the Paysys Research and Development Group, this application is mainly used for credit card transaction processing by banks and transaction processing companies, storing and processing credit card, debit card, prepaid, closed end loan accounts and similar financial transactions such as Visa, MasterCard, American Express, Europay, and private label transactions against those accounts. More than 600 million cards around the world are processed on different versions of this application software.

[Wikipedia: Talking Heads Africa] Talking Heads (Africa) was introduced in Cape Town in 2008 as part of the Infecting the City public art festival. Talking Heads has four core components that form the project. These include: developing a platform for conversation and exchange with and between experts; creating a network of African thought leaders; shooting mini-documentaries that define these leaders and their contributions; developing the tools to make this model work in cities all over the African continent.

[Wikipedia: Northumbrian dialect] Northumbrian was a dialect of Old English spoken in the Anglian Kingdom of Northumbria. Together with Mercian, Kentish and West Saxon, it forms one of the sub-categories of Old English devised and employed by modern scholars.

[Wikipedia: Letters to Santa (film)] Letters to Santa (Polish: "Listy do M." ), alternatively known as Letters to St. Nicholas, is a 2011 Polish romantic comedy film, directed by the Slovenian director Mitja Okorn. The film was shot in Warsaw from 27 January to March 2011. The action takes place during one single Christmas Eve, when a few adults find the loves of their lives. The ensemble cast is composed of Polish actors. The film's poster and plot refer to the British romantic comedy of 2003 - "Love Actually".

[Wikipedia: What would Jesus do?] The phrase "What would Jesus do?" (often abbreviated to WWJD) became popular, particularly in the United States but elsewhere as well, in the 1990s and as a personal motto for adherents of Christianity who used the phrase as a reminder of their belief in a moral imperative to act in a manner that would demonstrate the love of Jesus through the actions of the adherents.

[Wikipedia: The Royal Bengal Tiger (film)] Abhi (Abir Chatterjee) is a typical meek & docile Bengali familyman and doesn't know how to protest. He lives in Kolkata with his wife Apu (Priyanka Sarkar) and his son. He has a tenant who doesn't pay his monthly rents past six months and everytime he is refused whenever he asks for the payment of dues.He simply walks away doing nothing, In his office Abhi is a hardworker but his own colleague Deepankar (Shantilal Mukherjee) is jealous of him and plans his downfall in every other way more when Abhi gets recommended for promotion,but his other colleague Nandini (Shraddha Das) is a very good friend and sympathiser of Abhi. Things goes past good one day during Abhi's birthday morning when he asks his tenant Mr. Pakrashi (Kharaj Mukherjee) to pay his dues, he gets slapped in the middle of the road by him. Shattered Abhi goes to his office only to learn that all his files have been messed up by someone and one important file of payment is missing.He sits whole night and works on them only to be tampered by Deepankar again. That night when Abhi was returning with Nandini she gets molested by some goons in metro station, she cries to Abhi for help but Abhi cannot protest.Nandini boards the metro crying leaving Abhi at the metro station. Depressed and dejected Abhi meets his friend Anjan (Jeet)) at metro entrance and narrates whole story and about his helplessness of not protesting to any one. Anjan assures him takes him to a coffee house and encourage him motivationally causing him to shrug his fear. They both raid his office for the missing file and when nothing is found they rampage the office and run away. While returning home he find out that his tenant Mr. Pakrashi is boozing with other friends, angrily he enters the house and beats Pakrashi to blue and black and forces him to pay all the dues. Parkrashi is stunned to see the change of character in Abhi. Next day when Nandini rejects Abhi's proposal for boarding a metro and taunts him, Abhi tells Anjan and they both run towards the metro station and Abhi start beating the molestors badly.Abhi drops his office bag accidentally in the road.Next day he meets Anjan once again and Anjan gives him his contact number.Once in office Abhi is shocked when he learns that Deepankar/Dipu has been promoted, unable to bear that Abhi suspect that he has been tricked and hunts him down that night and beats him so Dipu confesses it was he who stole the payment file and hid it in his home Anjan asks Abhi that since Dipu has disappeared his file he should in turn make Dipu disappear from this world. Abhi ties Dipu and throws him in main highway only to be get crushed under heavy vehicle. Meanwhile Priyanka and her dad,a prominent psychologist, reaches police station where they recover the bag and tells them he is still missing, here Priyanka's father discloses that Abhi is a psychiatric patient suffering from a depression disease called Schizophrenia or split personality disorder. As the discussion was going on Police officer receives the news of Abhi sitting with the dead corpse of Dipu. The police brings him down where it is revealed that actually Anjan is an alter ego of Abhi only as a result of the mental disease whom he fictionalized as a human being and shrugged all his fears.

[Wikipedia: Chuck E. Cheese's] Chuck E. Cheese's (officially Chuck E. Cheese Pizzeria & Games) is a chain of American family entertainment centers and restaurants. The chain is the primary brand of CEC Entertainment, Inc. and is headquartered in Irving, Texas. The establishment serves pizza and other menu items, complemented by arcade games, amusement rides, and animatronic displays as a focus of entertainment for the entire family. The brand derives its name from its main animatronic character Chuck E. Cheese, a comedic mouse who sings and interacts with guests.

[Wikipedia: Firing Line (TV series)] Firing Line (officially Firing Line with William F. Buckley Jr.) was an American public affairs show founded and hosted by conservative William F. Buckley Jr., founder and publisher of "National Review" magazine. Its 1,504 episodes over 33 years made "Firing Line" the longest-running public affairs show in television history with a single host. The program, which featured many influential public figures in the United States, won an Emmy Award in 1969.

[Wikipedia: Timothy Oulton] Timothy Oulton is a British furniture brand named after its founder and creative director. As of June 2016, it has 37 retail galleries worldwide. Its products are also retailed through Restoration Hardware in the U.S.

[Wikipedia: Pop Warner] Glenn Scobey Warner (April 5, 1871 – September 7, 1954), most commonly known as Pop Warner, was an American football coach at various institutions who is responsible for several key aspects of the modern game. Included among his innovations are the single and double wing formations (precursors of the modern spread and shotgun formations), the three point stance and the body blocking technique. Fellow pioneer coach Amos Alonzo Stagg called Warner "one of the excellent creators". He was inducted as a coach into the College Football Hall of Fame as part of its inaugural class in 1951. He also contributed to a junior football program which became known as Pop Warner Little Scholars, a popular youth American-football organization.

[Wikipedia: My Chick Bad] "My Chick Bad" is a song by American rapper Ludacris. The song features Trinidadian recording artist Nicki Minaj, who co-wrote the song with Ludacris, Samuel Lindley, and Derrelle Davidson. The track was produced by The Legendary Traxster. "My Chick Bad" serves as the second single from Ludacris' eighth album, "Battle of the Sexes". An official remix to the song was also released, featuring female rappers Diamond, Eve, and Trina.

[Wikipedia: Pierre Belleque] Pierre Belleque or Pierre Billique (1793–1849) was a French Canadian fur trader in the British-claimed Columbia District, which was also known as the Oregon Country and also claimed by the United States. He settled on the French Prairie in what is now the state of Oregon where in 1843 he participated in the Champoeg Meetings. Pierre was elected one of three Constables. He voted affirmative for the measure to form a provisional government at the May 2, 1843 meeting. That measure passed and led to the creation of the Provisional Government of Oregon.

[Wikipedia: Anthony Louis Scarmolin] Anthony Louis Scarmolin (July 30, 1890, Schio - July 13, 1969, Wyckoff, New Jersey) was an Italian-American composer, pianist, and conductor.

[Wikipedia: L'Anarchie] L'Anarchie (] , "anarchy") was a French individualist anarchist journal established in April 1905 by Albert Libertad. Along with Libertad, contributors to the journal included Émile Armand, André Lorulot, Émilie Lamotte, Raymond Callemin, and Victor Serge). The magazine was based in Paris.

[Wikipedia: Frank Seiberling] F.A. Seiberling (October 6, 1859 – August 11, 1955) was an American inventor and founder. He is most famous for co-founding the Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company in 1898 and the Seiberling Rubber Company in 1921. He also built Stan Hywet Hall, a Tudor Revival mansion, now a National Historic Landmark and historic house museum in Akron, Ohio.

[Wikipedia: Larry Groupé] Lawrence Nash Groupé, born April 1957, best known as Larry Groupé, is an American film score composer for Immediate Music's offshoot label, Imperativa Records. Groupé has composed and orchestrated music for dozens of films and television programs. His most popular works include the score for Rod Lurie's movies "Deterrence" and "The Contender". Groupé has been nominated four times for an Emmy award, and won three. In 2004, he was nominated for an Emmy for the best original score for the TV series "Line of Fire". He later won Emmys for the score of the documentary film "," for the short subject film "Residue," about the US early involvement in Cambodia, and for .

[Wikipedia: Suicide of Kurt Cobain] On April 8, 1994, Kurt Cobain, the lead singer of the grunge band Nirvana, was found dead at his home, located at 171 Lake Washington Boulevard East in Seattle, Washington. Forensic analysis at the time determined he had killed himself on April 5. The Seattle Police Department incident report states: "Kurt Cobain was found with a shotgun across his body, had a visible head wound and there was a suicide note discovered nearby." The King County Medical Examiner noted puncture wounds on the inside of both the right and left elbow. Prior to his death, Cobain had checked out of a drug rehabilitation facility and had been reported as suicidal by his wife Courtney Love.

[Wikipedia: Liberty Square (Taipei)] Liberty Square (also Freedom Square) is a public plaza covering over 240,000 square meters in the Zhongzheng District of Taipei, Taiwan. It has served as the public gathering place of choice since its completion in the late 1970s. The name of the square recalls the important historical role it played in Taiwan's transition from one-party rule to modern democracy in the 1990s.

[Wikipedia: Staten Island Register] The Staten Island Register was a weekly newspaper serving the borough of Staten Island in New York City as an independent alternative to other news sources, including the "Staten Island Advance". It began publication in 1966 under the ownership of the Sclafani family. Joseph was the Owner. The "Staten Island Register" was sold in August 2002 to Elauwit, LLC, a company formed by Daniel McDonough of New Jersey, was sold by McDonough to an investor in 2004, and ceased publication in December 2005.

[Wikipedia: Vaccine efficacy] Vaccine efficacy is the percentage reduction of disease in a vaccinated group of people compared to an unvaccinated group, using the most favorable conditions. Vaccine efficacy was designed and calculated by Greenwood and Yule in 1915 for the cholera and typhoid vaccines. It is best measured using double- blind, randomized, clinical controlled trials, such that it is studied under “best case scenarios.” Vaccine effectiveness differs from vaccine efficacy in that vaccine effectiveness shows how well a vaccine works when they are always used and in a bigger population whereas vaccine efficacy shows how well a vaccine works in certain, often controlled, conditions. Vaccine efficacy studies are used to measure several possible outcomes such as disease attack rates, hospitalizations, medical visits, and costs.

[Wikipedia: Wulff] Wulff is a Germanic family surname mostly thought to originate from the Schleswig-Holstein area of Germany directly south of the modern-day border with Denmark. Other spelling variations of wolf used as surnames are not necessarily identified with this region as Wulff is. Many descendants with this last name reside in Denmark, Germany, and the United States among other places where Germans and Danes have immigrated. Ancestors were of Catholic, Protestant and Jewish faiths. The name is a derivation of wolf, spelled and pronounced the same in Old German as in modern German and English. Jewish ancestors with the surname of Wulff may have associated it with the Hebrew first name, Benjamin which is associated with the wolf.

[Wikipedia: Dane County Regional Airport] Dane County Regional Airport (DCRA) (IATA: MSN, ICAO: KMSN, FAA LID: MSN) (Truax Field) is a civil-military airport located six miles northeast of downtown Madison, the capital of Wisconsin. In the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2017–2021, it is categorized as a small-hub primary commercial service facility.

[Wikipedia: The Lone Ranger (2013 film)] The Lone Ranger is a 2013 American western action film directed by Gore Verbinski from a screenplay written by Justin Haythe, Ted Elliott and Terry Rossio. Based on the radio series of the same name, the film stars Johnny Depp as Tonto, the narrator of the events, and Armie Hammer as John Reid, the Lone Ranger. It relates Tonto's memories of the duo's earliest efforts to subdue local villainy and bring justice to the American Old West. William Fichtner, Barry Pepper, Ruth Wilson, James Badge Dale, Tom Wilkinson and Helena Bonham Carter also are featured in supporting roles. It is the first theatrical film featuring the Lone Ranger and Tonto characters in more than 32 years.

[Wikipedia: Swiss Avenue Historic District] The Swiss Avenue Historic District is a residential neighborhood in East Dallas, Dallas, Texas (USA). It consists of installations of the Munger Place addition, one of East Dallas' early subdivisions. The Swiss Avenue Historic District is a historic district of the city of Dallas, Texas. The boundaries of the district comprise both sides of Swiss Avenue from Fitzhugh Steet, to just north of La Vista, and includes portions of Bryan Parkway. The District includes the 6100-6200 blocks of La Vista Drive, the west side of the 5500 block of Bryan Parkway the 6100-6300 blocks of Bryan Parkway, the east side of the 5200-5300 block of Live Oak Street, and the 4900-6100 blocks of Swiss Avenue. The entire street of Swiss Avenue is not included within the bounds of the Swiss Avenue Historic District. Portions of the street run through Dallas' Peaks Suburban Addition neighborhood and Peak's Suburban Addition Historic District.

[Wikipedia: Unusual Heat] Unusual Heat is the seventh studio album by British-American rock band Foreigner, released on 14 June 1991 by Atlantic Records. Recorded at several different studios across the state of New York and England, and produced by Terry Thomas and Mick Jones, it was the only album with lead singer Johnny Edwards. He replaced original lead singer Lou Gramm after the latter had parted company in 1990. "Unusual Heat" was the last album to feature bass guitarist Rick Wills, who joined the band in 1979, and drummer Dennis Elliott, who was a founding member.

[Wikipedia: Hamid Reza Sadr] Hamid Reza Sadr (حمیدرضا صدر, born April 19, 1956), is an Iranian football Critic, journalist, author and Historian. He is well known for his publications on various subjects such as Football, Cinema, and Non Fiction based on History and Social studies. His appearances on TV commentating soccer have been critical to his success. He is married to Mehrzad Dolati, and has a daughter, named Ghazaleh Sadr. His parents are Zahra Karimi and Gholamhossein Sadr. He has three brothers and two sisters. His sister Mashid Sadr has two children named Yasmeen Rohauni and Neema Rohauni who all reside in London. His brother Amir Hosseim Sadr is in Amsterdam, the younger brother Shaheen Sadr has two children named Zahra and Lili Sadr, they all live in Vancouver, Canada. The younger sister Mehrnaz Sadr lives in California with her family and had two daughters named Deeba Saffarian Toosi and Saba Saffarian-Toosi.

[Wikipedia: Bob Pruett] Robert Lewis "Bob" Pruett (born June 20, 1943) is a former American football player and coach. He served as the head football coach Marshall University for nine seasons, from 1996 to 2004. During his tenure at Marshall, the Marshall Thundering Herd football team compiled a record of 94–23 (.803 winning percentage), completed two undefeated seasons, won six conference championships, won five of seven bowl games played, and captured the NCAA Division I-AA Football Championship in 1996. Pruett has coached many high-profile National Football League players, including Randy Moss, Chad Pennington, and Byron Leftwich. In 1999, he was inducted into the Marshall University Athletics Hall of Fame for his collegiate career in football, track and field, and wrestling.

[Wikipedia: Don't Look Back (2009 film)] Don't Look Back (French: Ne te retourne pas ) is a 2009 French thriller film directed by Marina de Van and starring Sophie Marceau and Monica Bellucci. Written by Jacques Akchoti and Marina de Van, the film is about a wife and mother of two children who suddenly notices changes to the way the family home is arranged and feels that her body is transforming without anyone around her noticing it. While others believe her perceptions are due to fatigue and stress, she is sure that something more profound is happening, and her search to understand these mysterious perceptions prompts her to track down a woman in Italy who holds the key to the mystery.

[Wikipedia: IPad (4th generation)] The fourth-generation iPad (marketed as iPad with Retina display, colloquially referred to as the iPad 4) is a tablet computer produced and marketed by Apple Inc. Compared to its predecessor, the third-generation iPad, the fourth-generation iPad maintained the Retina Display but featured new and upgraded components such as the Apple A6X chip and the Lightning connector, which was introduced on September 12, 2012. It shipped with iOS 6.0, which provides a platform for audio-visual media, including electronic books, periodicals, films, music, computer games, presentations and web content. Like the iPad 2 and the third-generation iPad, it has been supported by five major iOS releases, in this case iOS 6, 7, 8, 9, and 10. iOS 11, which was released on 19 September 2017, will not have support for the fourth-generation iPad because of hardware limitations.

[Wikipedia: Ian Browne (musician)] Ian Browne (born November 12, 1973 ) is a Canadian-born musician and composer, known currently as being a member of Vancouver-based rock and roll band The Prettys. He was formerly with psych-blues band No Sinner, and before that notably as a member of multi-platinum-selling 90's Canadian rock group the Matthew Good Band. Browne plays drums and performs backup vocals on The Prettys' upcoming second LP "Soirée". He also played on No Sinner's debut EP "Boo Hoo Hoo", and played drums and produced tracks on their 2016 LP "Old Habits Die Hard". He can also be heard on the Matthew Good Band albums "Last of the Ghetto Astronauts", "Raygun", "Underdogs", "Lo-Fi B-Sides", "Beautiful Midnight", "Loser Anthems", "Audio of Being", and the greatest hits compilation "In a Coma".

[Wikipedia: Barton Childs] Barton Childs (February 29, 1916 – February 18, 2010) was an American pediatrician and geneticist. He was born in Chicago, Illinois, and graduated from Williams College in 1938. In 1942, he received his M.D. from Johns Hopkins University. Following military service in World War II, he returned to Johns Hopkins for a residency in pediatrics. After a fellowship at Children’s Hospital in Boston, he returned to Johns Hopkins University in 1949, where he remained until his retirement in 1981. He remained a professor emeritus in the Department of Pediatrics at The Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine until his death.

[Wikipedia: New York City Ballet] New York City Ballet (NYCB) is a ballet company founded in 1948 by choreographer George Balanchine and Lincoln Kirstein. Léon Barzin was the company's first music director. Balanchine and Jerome Robbins are considered the founding choreographers of the company. City Ballet grew out of earlier troupes: the Producing Company of the School of American Ballet, 1934; the American Ballet, 1935, and Ballet Caravan, 1936, which merged into American Ballet Caravan, 1941; and directly from the Ballet Society, 1946.

[Wikipedia: China Business Review] The China Business Review is the official online magazine of the US-China Business Council, covering business, economics, and politics in both the United States and China that affect business in China across a wide variety of industries. The print magazine, published bimonthly, was established in 1974 as a source of trade and investment news. In 2011, the print magazine switched to a quarterly publication schedule. In April 2013, the magazine ceased print publication, going to an online-only format.

[Wikipedia: TCU Diamond] TCU Diamond was a ballpark located on the campus of Texas Christian University in Fort Worth, Texas, and was the home of the TCU Horned Frogs baseball program for four decades. The ballpark hosted 1,480 TCU baseball games over 41 years; in the time the Horned Frogs posted an overall 867–605–8 home record. The Horned Frogs won Southwest Conference regular season championships in 1963 (co-champions with the Texas), 1966 (co-champions with Baylor, Texas and Texas A&M), 1967 (co-champions Texas), 1972 (co-champions with Texas), and 1994 while calling the TCU Diamond home. During the TCU Diamond era, the Horned Frogs played in the Southwest Conference (SWC) (1962–1996), Western Athletic Conference (WAC) (1997–2001), and Conference USA (CUSA) (2002). After the opening of Lupton Stadium, the Frogs would go on to achieve a decade of unprecedented success under head coach Jim Schlossnagle in CUSA (2003–2005), the Mountain West Conference (MWC) (2006–2012), and the Big 12 Conference (Big 12) (2013–). In the first 13 years after the closing of the TCU Diamond, TCU baseball won 10 CUSA, MWC and Big 12 regular season conference championships, 7 CUSA, MWC and Big 12 conference tournament championships, appeared in 11 NCAA Tournaments, won 5 NCAA Tournament Regional championships, and advanced to the program's first 3 College World Series, making the CWS semifinal round in two of those three trips.

[Wikipedia: Reverend Lovejoy] Reverend Timothy "Tim" Lovejoy is a recurring character in the animated television series "The Simpsons". He is voiced by Harry Shearer, and first appeared in the episode "The Telltale Head". Lovejoy is the minister at The First Church of Springfield—the Protestant church in Springfield. Initially kind-hearted and ambitious, Lovejoy has become apathetic towards others because of Ned Flanders's constant asinine scrupulosity.

[Wikipedia: First of the Year (Equinox)] "First of the Year (Equinox)" is a song by American electronic music producer Skrillex. It was released on June 7, 2011 as the lead single from his third EP, "More Monsters and Sprites". The song has since become a moderate commercial success, peaking within the charts of the United States, Australia, Canada, Norway and Sweden. A music video directed by Tony Truand, produced by HK Corp, premiered on August 10, 2011, and was nominated at the 54th Grammy Awards for Best Short Form Music Video. The music video was nominated for the MTV Video Music Award for Best Electronic Dance Music Video and it won the award for Best Visual Effects in a Video at 2012 MTV Video Music Awards.

[Wikipedia: Lion Red] Lion Red is a New Zealand lager-style beer brewed by Lion Breweries, part of the Lion Nathan group. The beer is 4.0% alcohol. Because of its relatively low alcohol content it is widely regarded as an excellent 'session' beer, that is, a beer that can be consumed freely over a long session of time without all the adverse effects of a higher alcohol volume beer. As such, it is also a favourite of university students, along with similar strength beers such as Speights and DB Draught.

[Wikipedia: Charisma (horse)] Charisma (1972 - 2003) was a horse ridden by New Zealander Mark Todd. Charisma won many competitions in the sport of eventing. He is considered by many to be one of the greatest event horses ever to have competed. He stood  hands .

[Wikipedia: 1983 Volvo International – Doubles] Sherwood Stewart and Ferdi Taygan were the defending champions but they competed with different partners that year, Stewart with Mark Edmondson and Taygan with Cássio Motta.

[Wikipedia: Muriel (film)] Muriel (French: Muriel ou le Temps d'un retour , literally "Muriel, or the Time of a Return") is a 1963 French film directed by Alain Resnais. It was Resnais's third feature film, following "Hiroshima mon amour" (1959) and "L'Année dernière à Marienbad" (1961), and in common with those films it explores the challenge of integrating a remembered or imagined past with the life of the present. It also makes oblique reference to the controversial subject of the Algerian War, which had recently been brought to an end. "Muriel" was Resnais's second collaboration with Jean Cayrol, who had also written the screenplay of "Nuit et brouillard" ("Night and Fog") (1955).

[Wikipedia: Connors–McEnroe rivalry] The Connors–McEnroe rivalry was a series of competitive matches between American tennis players Jimmy Connors and John McEnroe, who played 34 times between 1977 and 1991.

[Wikipedia: Ferenc Nádasdy] Count Ferenc Nádasdy de Nádasd et Fogarasföld (6 October 1555 – 4 January 1604) was a Hungarian nobleman. His family, Nádasdy, was one of the wealthiest and most influential of the era in Hungary. In 1571, when Ferenc was 16, his mother, Orsolya Nádasdy (née Kanizsay), using her association with many noble families in Hungary, organized a marriage to the young Elizabeth Báthory (or Hungarian: Báthory Erzsébet), daughter of the Count György and Anna Báthory. The Báthory family were as rich and illustrious as the Nádasdy family, though older and more influential, since they had several relatives who had the charge of Nádor (palatine) of Hungary. Among them, included a cardinal, a King of Lithuania-Poland, and a Prince of Transylvania.

[Wikipedia: TSV Schilksee] TSV Schilksee is a German association football club from the Schilksee suburb of Kiel, Schleswig-Holstein. The club's greatest success has been promotion to the tier four Regionalliga Nord in 2014, following a league championship in the Schleswig-Holstein-Liga.

[Wikipedia: Rather Die Young] "Rather Die Young" is a song recorded by American singer Beyoncé for her fourth studio album, "4" (2011). Composed by Beyoncé, Jeff Bhasker, Luke Steele, the song's development was motivated by the fact that Beyoncé wanted a song that would help people through both their painful and happy moments. "Rather Die Young" is an R&B-soul power ballad that is instrumentally complete with synthesizers, a piano, a strummy guitar, and heavy drums, which were inspired by the work of the American band Earth, Wind & Fire. Lyrically, the song talks about the inability to fight what the heart wants. The female protagonist sings to an indifferent love interest, whom she likens to American actor James Dean and tells him that she prefers to die rather than live without him.

[Wikipedia: Anigozanthos] Anigozanthos is a small genus of Australian plants in the Bloodwort family Haemodoraceae. The 11 species and several subspecies are commonly known as kangaroo paw and catspaw depending on the shape of their flowers. A further species, previously identified as "Anigozanthos fuliginosus" and commonly known as the black kangaroo paw, has been transferred to its own monotypic genus and is now known as "Macropidia fuliginosa".

[Wikipedia: Alf Bellis] Alfred Bellis (8 October 1920 – 28 April 2013) was an English footballer who played at outside left in the Football League for Port Vale, Bury, Swansea Town, and Chesterfield. He also played for Ellesmere Port Town, Rochdale, Notts County, Manchester United and Manchester City during World War II.

[Wikipedia: Léon Gastinel] Léon Gastinel (August 15, 1823 – October 18, 1906) was a French composer. He studied at the Paris Conservatoire where he studied with Jacques Halévy and was awarded the Grand Prix de Rome in 1846 for his cantata "Valasquez". While relatively unknown today, Gastinel wrote two complete masses, two symphonies and four oratorios, and chamber music including at least two string sextets. He was most prolific however in his works for the stage which include the ballet "Le rêve" (1890, chor. Joseph Hansen, Paris Opera) and the operas "Le miroir" (1853), "L'opéra aux fenêtres" (1857) and "Titus et Bérénice" (1860).

[Wikipedia: Agrostemma] Agrostemma is a genus of annual plants in the Caryophyllaceae family, containing the species known as corncockles. Its best-known member is "A. githago", the common corncockle, which is a native of Europe where it is simply called "the corncockle". The species is a weed of cereals and other crops, probably with a centre of origin in the eastern Mediterranean. Nowadays declining in its native range because of improved seed cleaning, it is found as a weed worldwide. "Agrostemma gracile", the slender corncockle, is only found in central Greece near the city of Farsala. Corncockle is an attractive plant, and its seeds are still commercially available to gardeners.

[Wikipedia: Ribbon in the Sky] "Ribbon in the Sky" is a hit 1982 R&B single released by Tamla/Motown star and American singer Stevie Wonder. The ballad was first featured on the greatest hits album, "Stevie Wonder's Original Musiquarium I", and charted at #54 pop and #10 R&B when it was released. In February 1983, Wonder was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Male R&B Vocal Performance at the 25th Grammy Awards. Wonder performed a version of the song at Whitney Houston's funeral on February 18, 2012.

[Wikipedia: Foreign relations of Poland] The Republic of Poland is a Central European country and member of the European Union and NATO, among others. In recent years, despite its occasional but obstinate relations with Russia during the 20th century, Poland has extended its responsibilities and position in European and Western affairs, supporting and establishing friendly foreign relations with both the West and with numerous European countries.

[Wikipedia: Second VA-174 (U.S. Navy)] Attack Squadron 174 (VA-174) also known as the "Hellrazors" was a United States Navy attack squadron based at Naval Air Station Cecil Field, Florida, and were attached to Light Attack Wing One. The unit has evolved several times throughout its history that dates back to 1944. When it was established in March 1944 the unit was designated VB-81 flying the SB2C Helldiver. It was redesignated VA-13A on 15 November 1946. The unit was redesignated VA-134 on 2 August 1948 flying F-4U Corsairs, and redesignated VF-174 on 15 February 1950. The "Hellrazors" received their final designation VA-174 on 1 July 1966 after becoming the first US Navy squadron to receive the A-7A Corsair II. It was the second squadron to bear the VA-174 designation, the first VA-174 was disestablished on 25 January 1950. The squadron was disestablished on 30 June 1988.

[Wikipedia: Nothing Sacred (film)] Nothing Sacred is an American Technicolor screwball comedy film directed in 1937 by William A. Wellman, produced by David O. Selznick, and starring Carole Lombard and Fredric March. with a supporting cast featuring Charles Winninger and Walter Connolly. Ben Hecht was credited with the screenplay based on a story by James H. Street, and an array of additional writers, including Ring Lardner, Jr., Budd Schulberg, Dorothy Parker, Sidney Howard, Moss Hart, George S. Kaufman and Robert Carson made uncredited contributions.

[Wikipedia: Mddl Fngz] Mddl Fngz, also known as Middle Fingaz, is a South-West Houston-based rap group formed before 2000 as side project by southern rapper Bun B when partner rapper Pimp C was incarcerated. The group has appeared on several mixtapes as well as UGK's album UGK (Underground Kingz), and Bun B's second album II Trill. Members Band.I.T, Bad Azz Bam, and Young Kilo are signed to UGK Records.

[Wikipedia: Miguel Díaz-Canel] Miguel Mario Díaz-Canel Bermúdez (born 20 April 1960) is a Cuban politician who has been First Vice President of the Council of State of Cuba and Council of Ministers since 2013. He has been a member of the Politburo of the Communist Party of Cuba since 2003, and he served as Minister of Higher Education from 2009 to 2012; he was promoted to the post of Vice President of the Council of Ministers in 2012. A year later, on 24 February 2013, he was elected as First Vice President of the Council of State.

[Wikipedia: Yangon Region] Yangon Region (, ] ; formerly Rangoon Division and Yangon Division) is an administrative region of Myanmar. Located in the heart of Lower Myanmar, the division is bordered by Bago Region to the north and east, the Gulf of Martaban to the south, and Ayeyarwady Region to the west. Yangon Region is dominated by its capital city of Yangon, the former national capital and the largest city in the country. Other important cities are Thanlyin and Twante. The division is the most developed region of the country and the main international gateway. The division measures 10,170 km2 .

[Wikipedia: What Went Down] What Went Down is the fourth studio album by British rock band Foals, released on 28 August 2015 via Transgressive Records in the United Kingdom. The album is produced by James Ford, known for his work with Simian Mobile Disco, The Last Shadow Puppets and Arctic Monkeys amongst others. According to frontman Yannis Philippakis, it is slated to be their loudest and heaviest record to date. "What Went Down" debuted at #3 on the UK Albums Chart and at #58 on the Billboard 200, making it their highest charting album in the United States to date.

[Wikipedia: William Astor, 4th Viscount Astor] William Waldorf Astor III, 4th Viscount Astor (born 27 December 1951) is a prominent English businessman and politician who sits as a Conservative hereditary Lord Temporal in the House of Lords. He is a member of the Astor family known for its prominence in business, society, and politics in both the United States and England in the 19th and 20th centuries.

[Wikipedia: Billy Dean] William Harold Dean Jr. (born April 2, 1962) is an American country music singer and songwriter. Billy Dean first gained national attention after appearing on the television talent competition "Star Search". Active as a recording artist since 1990, he has recorded a total of eight studio albums (of which the first three have been certified gold by the RIAA) and a greatest hits package which is also certified gold. His studio albums have accounted for more than 20 hit singles on the "Billboard" country charts, including 11 Top Ten hits. In 2000, he had a Billboard Number one as a guest artist along with Allison Kraus on Kenny Rogers' "Buy Me a Rose", and had two Number Ones on the "RPM" country charts in Canada.

[Wikipedia: Josh Hawley] Joshua David Hawley (born December 31, 1979) is an American lawyer and politician who serves as the 42nd and current Attorney General of Missouri.

[Wikipedia: Max Hell Frog Warrior] Max Hell Frog Warrior is a 1996 martial arts sci fi cult film written, produced, and directed by Donald G. Jackson and Scott Shaw. This film is the third in the "Hell Comes to Frogtown" series, following the cult films "Hell Comes to Frogtown" and "Return to Frogtown". Initially developed under the title "Toad Warrior", the film gained its current title for its 2002 release. The story was conceived by Donald G. Jackson, creator of the "Frogtown" franchise. The film stars Scott Shaw, Joe Estevez, Conrad Brooks, and Jill Kelly.

[Wikipedia: Rhodotypos] Rhodotypos scandens, the sole species of the genus Rhodotypos, is a deciduous shrub in the family Rosaceae, closely related to "Kerria" and included in that genus by some botanists. It is native to China, possibly also Japan.

[Wikipedia: Robert Plampin] Vice-Admiral Robert Plampin (1762 – 14 February 1834), was a British Royal Navy officer during the late 18th and early 19th centuries, serving in the American Revolutionary War, the French Revolutionary Wars and the Napoleonic Wars, but best known for his time as commander of the British colony of Saint Helena in the South Atlantic during the period when former Emperor Napoleon Bonaparte was imprisoned there. Born into a Navy family, Plampin went to sea at age 13 and fought throughout the American Revolutionary War, based principally in the Caribbean Sea. During the French Revolutionary Wars, Plampin served in a number of ships with mixed success, once being involved in a shipwreck and twice serving ashore during sieges. After the Peace of Amiens, Plampin took command of the ship of the line HMS "Powerful" and operated successfully in the Atlantic and the Indian Ocean. In 1816, following the defeat and capture of the French Emperor, Plampin was placed in command of the squadron at the Cape of Good Hope, which also had responsibility for Saint Helena, which Plampin regularly visited and had numerous conversations with Napoleon.

[Wikipedia: Up All Night (One Direction album)] Up All Night is the debut studio album by English-Irish group One Direction, released by Syco Records in November 2011 in Ireland and the United Kingdom, followed by a worldwide release during 2012. Four months after finishing third in the seventh series of British reality singing contest "The X Factor" in December 2010, One Direction began recording the album in Sweden, UK and the United States, working with a variety of writers and producers. The album is predominantly a pop music album which orientates into pop rock, dance-pop, teen pop and power pop. The album's lyrical content regards being young, relationships, heartbreak and empowerment. Staged in support of the album, One Direction performed the album's songs live on televised shows, at awards ceremonies, and during their worldwide Up All Night Tour.

[Wikipedia: List of accolades received by Forrest Gump] "Forrest Gump" is a 1994 epic romantic comedy-drama film based on the 1986 novel of the same name by Winston Groom. The film premiered in Los Angeles, California on June 23, 1994 and was released into the United States and Canada on July 6, 1994, opening into 1,595 domestic theaters and earning $24,450,602 on its first weekend. "Forrest Gump" grossed $677 million and was at its time the fourth highest grossing film of all time (behind only "E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial", "Star Wars IV: A New Hope", and "Jurassic Park"). Despite its praise, it has only a 72% approval rating on Rotten Tomatoes.

[Wikipedia: List of Every Witch Way episodes] "Every Witch Way" is an American teen sitcom that premiered on Nickelodeon on January 1, 2014. It is the United States version of Nickelodeon Latin America series "Grachi", starring Isabella Castillo. The series tells the story of 14-year-old Emma Alonso that moves to Miami, Florida, with her father, and finds out she's a witch and the most powerful of her generation.

[Wikipedia: Kempf vanishing theorem] In algebraic geometry, the Kempf vanishing theorem, introduced by , states that the higher cohomology group "H"("G"/"B","L"(λ)) ("i" > 0) vanishes whenever λ is a dominant weight of "B". Here "G" is a reductive algebraic group over an algebraically closed field, "B" a Borel subgroup, and "L"(λ) a line bundle associated to λ. In characteristic 0 this is a special case of the Borel–Weil–Bott theorem, but unlike the Borel–Weil–Bott theorem, the Kempf vanishing theorem still holds in positive characteristic.

[Wikipedia: Woods Runner] Woods Runner is a 2010 young adult novel by Gary Paulsen that takes place during the year 1776. It is about a 13-year-old boy named Samuel living during the Revolutionary War whose house is burnt down by British soldiers. When Samuel investigates the scene of devastation, he finds dead bodies, but none of the bodies were his parents. The parents were not killed because one of the officer wanted somebody to play with in chess.Samuel starts a journey to find his parents in New York but gets hit in the head with a tomahawk and with the help of rebels is healed. Before Samuel finds his parents and is able to save them with the help of a man named Abner he saves a little girl named Annie and takes her with him on his journey. Samuel's family then adopts Annie as their own daughter. The novel ends by saying that Samuel decided to go to war but returned home after a man who had helped him earlier died.

[Wikipedia: Blackzilians] The Blackzilians is a defunct professional team of fighters in mixed martial arts, boxing, kickboxing, amateur wrestling and catch wrestling located in South Florida. They are most well known for being the team that includes former UFC light heavyweight champions 'Sugar' Rashad Evans and Vitor Belfort and former UFC lightweight champion Eddie Alvarez.

[Wikipedia: Collective Soul 2013 Tour] The Collective Soul 2013 Tour was a concert tour by American rock band Collective Soul.

[Wikipedia: List of Girlschool band members] Girlschool are an all-female British heavy metal band, founded in 1978. The original members Kim McAuliffe, Enid Williams, Kelly Johnson and Denise Dufort come from the club cover band Painted Lady. During the early 1980s the band was one of the relevant groups of the new wave of British heavy metal (NWOBHM) movement, entering the British charts with both singles and albums. Unlike many heavy metal bands, Girlschool often had more than one lead vocalist, with vocal duties in the 'classic' line-up shared amongst Williams, McAuliffe and Johnson.

[Wikipedia: Moushumi Chatterjee] Moushumi Chatterjee (born 26 April 1948 as Moushumi Chattopadhyaya) is an Indian actress who has acted in Hindi and Bengali cinema. Her on-screen pairings with actors like Rajesh Khanna, Shashi Kapoor, Jeetendra, Sanjeev Kumar and Vinod Mehra were popular. According to a source she wasn't the highest paid actress in Hindi films but in Bengali films she was the sixth highest paid.

[Wikipedia: Fort Kongenstein] Fort Kongenstein (Danish: "Fort Kongensten" ) was a Danish trading fort located in Ada Foah, Ghana built in 1783. A greater portion of the fort has since been washed away by the sea waves.

[Wikipedia: Santa Claus in film] Motion pictures featuring Santa Claus abound and apparently constitute their own subgenre of the Christmas film genre. Early films of Santa revolve around similar simple plots of Santa's Christmas Eve visit to children. In 1897, in a short film called "Santa Claus Filling Stockings", Santa Claus is simply filling stockings from his pack of toys. Another film called "Santa Claus and the Children" was made in 1898. A year later, a film directed by George Albert Smith in titled "Santa Claus" (or "The Visit from Santa Claus" in the United Kingdom) was created. In this picture, Santa Claus enters the room from the fireplace and proceeds to trim the tree. He then fills the stockings that were previously hung on the mantle by the children. After walking backward and surveying his work, he suddenly darts at the fireplace and disappears up the chimney. "Santa Claus' Visit" in 1900 featured a scene with two little children kneeling at the feet of their mother and saying their prayers. The mother tucks the children snugly in bed and leaves the room. Santa Claus suddenly appears on the roof, just outside the children's bedroom window, and proceeds to enter the chimney, taking with him his bag of presents and a little hand sled for one of the children. He goes down the chimney and suddenly appears in the children's room through the fireplace. He distributes the presents and mysteriously causes the appearance of a Christmas tree laden with gifts. The scene closes with the children waking up and running to the fireplace just too late to catch him by the legs. A 1909 film by D. W. Griffith titled "A Trap for Santa Claus" shows children setting a trap to capture Santa Claus as he descends the chimney, but instead capture their father who abandoned them and their mother but tries to burglarize the house after he discovers she inherited a fortune. A twenty-nine-minute 1925 silent film production titled "Santa Claus", by explorer/documentarian Frank E. Kleinschmidt, filmed partly in northern Alaska, feature Santa in his workshop, visiting his Eskimo neighbors, and tending his reindeer. A year later, another movie titled "Santa Claus" was produced with sound on De Forest Phonofilm. Over the years, various actors have donned the red suit (aside from those discussed below), including Monty Woolley in "Life Begins at Eight-thirty" (1942), Alberto Rabagliati in "The Christmas That Almost Wasn't" (1966), Dan Aykroyd in "Trading Places" (1983), Jan Rubes in "One Magic Christmas" (1985), David Huddleston in "" (1985), Jonathan Taylor Thomas in "I'll Be Home for Christmas" (1998), and Ed Asner in "Elf" (2003). Later films about Santa vary, but can be divided into the following themes.

[Wikipedia: Italian Navy] The Italian Navy (Italian: "Marina Militare" , "Military Navy"; abbreviated as MM) is the maritime defence force of the Italian Republic. It is one of the four branches of Italian Armed Forces and was formed in 1946 from what remained of the "Regia Marina" (Royal Navy) after World War II. As of August 2014, the Italian Navy had a strength of 30,923 active personnel with approximately 184 vessels in service, including minor auxiliary vessels.

[Wikipedia: Bob Hughes] Robert "Bob" Hughes M.D. is a fictional character on the American soap opera "As the World Turns". Bob was played by actor Don Hastings from October 1960 until the series' final episode on September 17, 2010. Actors Bobby Alford and Ronnie Welch played Bob previously between 1956 and 1960.

[Wikipedia: African-American bookstores] African-American bookstores, also known as black bookstores, are bookstores owned and operated by African Americans. These stores often, although not always, specialize in works by and about African Americans and their target customers are often African Americans. Although they are a variety of African-American business, African American bookstores have often been closely tied to radical political movements including Marxism, Black Power, and pan-Africanism.The first documented African-American bookstore was established by the abolitionist David Ruggles in 1834. One of the earliest African-American bookstores to achieve national prominence was Lewis Michaux's National Memorial African Bookstore, which operated in Harlem from the early 1930s to the middle of the 1970s. Michaux's store doubled as a meeting place for black activists, including most famously Malcolm X. The Black Power movement embraced black-owned bookstores in the 1960s and '70s as vehicles for promoting their ideology and creating radical political spaces in black communities across the United States. By the 1990s, African-American bookstores earned significant attention from more politically moderate and business oriented media outlets such as the magazine Black Enterprise. In the 2000s and 2010s, however, as independent bookstores of all kinds declined and bookstores chains and Amazon increasingly sold black-authored books, the number of African-American bookstores declined rapidly, dropping from over 250 to just over 70.

[Wikipedia: Saab 38] The Saab 38 (also known as B3LA or A 38/Sk 38) was a single-engine jet trainer and attack aircraft planned by Saab during the 1970s. The project was a collaboration between Saab and the Italian aircraft manufacturer Aermacchi. It was to replace the older Saab 105 jet trainer in the Swedish Air Force, but the aircraft never got past the drawing board and was canceled in 1979 in favour of the more advanced Saab JAS 39 Gripen fighter.

[Wikipedia: Dimeji Bankole] Sabur Oladimeji "Dimeji" Bankole (born 14 November 1969) is a Nigerian politician and 9th Speaker of the House of Representatives of Nigeria. Elected at the age of 37, Bankole is the youngest Speaker in the history of the House.

[Wikipedia: This Is Bing Crosby] This Is Bing Crosby was a fifteen-minute five times a week daytime radio program featuring Bing Crosby acting as a disc jockey. Minute Maid quick frozen concentrated orange juice was promoted on the shows.

[Wikipedia: Tangled Skeins] Tangled Skeins is a 1916 short silent film drama directed by E. Mason Hopper. It was released by the Mutual Film Company.

[Wikipedia: Marcus Livius Drusus Claudianus] Marcus Livius Drusus Claudianus ("fl." 1st century BC) was a senator of the Roman Republic. He was born with the name "Appius Claudius Pulcher", into the patrician family of the Claudii. According to Suetonius, Drusus was a direct descendant of the consul and censor Appius Claudius Caecus. He was descended from Caecus via the first Appius Claudius Pulcher, who was consul in 212 BC and Caecus's great-grandson. His daughter Livia became the wife of the first Roman Emperor Augustus, and he was thus a direct ancestor of the Julio-Claudian emperors Tiberius, Caligula, Claudius and Nero.

[Wikipedia: What Happened to Mary?] What Happened to Mary (frequently erroneously referred to in various texts as "What Happened to Mary?" — but the title was a statement, not a question) is the first motion picture serial made in the United States. Made by Edison Studios, the action serial consisted of twelve one-reel episodes released monthly beginning July 26, 1912 to coincide with the serial story of the same name published in McClure's "The Ladies' World" magazine. "What Happened to Mary" was performed as a stage play and published as a single-volume print novel, so is an early example of a multiple-media marketing campaign. The scripts were written by Horace G. Plympton and directed by Charles Brabin. The star of the serial was Mary Fuller.

[Wikipedia: Truth prevails] "Truth prevails" (Czech: "Pravda vítězí" , Slovak: "Pravda víťazí" , Latin: "Veritas vincit" ) was a motto inscribed on the banner of the President of Czechoslovakia, still used today on the banner of the President of the Czech Republic. The banner of the President is one of the national symbols according to the Czech Constitution. The phrase also appears along the base of the Jan Hus Memorial in Prague. The motto is believed to be derived from Jan Hus' phrase "Seek the truth, hear the truth, learn the truth, love the truth, speak the truth, hold the truth and defend the truth until death". "Truth prevails" was adopted as motto by the first President of Czechoslovakia Tomáš Garrigue Masaryk in 1918 and then echoed in Václav Havel's notion of "life in truth" and in his famous statement "Truth and love must prevail over lies and hatred" (Czech: "Pravda a láska musí zvítězit nad lží a nenávistí" ). The Latin version "Veritas vincit" was in use on the presidential banner from 1990 to 1992 as a linguistically neutral compromise reached between the Czech and Slovak political representation.

[Wikipedia: Operation Perch] Operation Perch was a British offensive of the Second World War which took place from 7 to 14 June 1944, during the early stages of the Battle of Normandy. The operation was intended to encircle and seize the German occupied city of Caen, which was a D-Day objective for the British 3rd Infantry Division in the early phases of Operation Overlord. Operation Perch was to begin immediately after the British beach landings with an advance to the south-east of Caen by XXX Corps. Three days after the invasion the city was still in German hands and the operation was amended. The operation was expanded to include I Corps for a pincer attack on Caen.

[Wikipedia: What to Expect When Bart's Expecting] "What to Expect When Bart's Expecting" is the nineteenth episode of the 25th season of the American animated sitcom "The Simpsons", and the 549th episode of the series. It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on April 27, 2014. It was written by John Frink and directed by Matthew Nastuk. In the episode, Bart makes a voodoo doll of his hippie art teacher when he gets sick of art class and cast a spell to make her sick, but when he inadvertently gets her pregnant, he becomes a savior to Springfield couples trying to conceive—and is subsequently kidnapped to help conceive a thoroughbred race horse.

[Wikipedia: Gasland] Gasland is a 2010 American documentary written and directed by Josh Fox. Nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary in 2011, the film focuses on communities in the United States affected by natural gas drilling and, specifically, a method of horizontal drilling into shale formations known as hydraulic fracturing. The film was a key mobilizer for the anti-fracking movement, and "brought the term 'hydraulic fracturing' into the nation's living rooms" according to "The New York Times". The film was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.

[Wikipedia: Renewable Heat Incentive] The Renewable Heat Incentive (the RHI) is a payment system in England, Scotland and Wales, for the generation of heat from renewable energy sources. Introduced on 28 November 2011, the RHI replaces the Low Carbon Building Programme, which closed in 2010.

[Wikipedia: I fu mie] I fu mie or yi fu mein is a crispy deep fried thick noodle dish served in a thick savoury sauce with pieces of meat or seafood and vegetables. The dishes are to be served hot while the noodles are still crisp until the noodles are softened by the sauce and are ready to be eaten. The dish is one of the most popular noodle dishes in Chinese Indonesian cuisine. The type of noodle being used in this dish is the thick "yi mein" noodle, hence the origin of its name. It is quite similar to "mie kering" noodles from Makassar.

[Wikipedia: Inland Feeder] The Inland Feeder is a 44 mi high capacity water conveyance system that connects the California State Water Project to the Colorado River Aqueduct and Diamond Valley Lake. The Metropolitan Water District of Southern California designed the system to increase Southern California's water supply reliability in the face of future weather pattern uncertainties, while minimizing the impact on the San Francisco Bay/Sacramento–San Joaquin River Delta environment in Northern California. The feeder takes advantage of large volumes of water when available from Northern California, depositing it in surface storage reservoirs, such as Diamond Valley Lake, and local groundwater basins for use during dry periods and emergencies. This improves the quality of Southern California drinking water by allowing more uniform blending of better quality water from the state project with Colorado River supplies, which has a higher mineral content.

[Wikipedia: Criminal law in the Marshall Court] The Marshall Court (1801–1835) heard forty-one criminal law cases, slightly more than one per year. Among such cases are "United States v. Simms" (1803), "United States v. More" (1805), "Ex parte Bollman" (1807), "United States v. Hudson" (1812), "Cohens v. Virginia" (1821), "United States v. Perez" (1824), "Worcester v. Georgia" (1832), and "United States v. Wilson" (1833).

[Wikipedia: Colleen Gleason] Colleen Gleason lives near Ann Arbor, Michigan with her husband and children. She has a degree in English and a MBA from the University of Michigan. She started writing in primary school and wrote nine complete stories before selling the first book of her "The Gardella Vampire Chronicles" series to a division of Penguin Books, which published it in January 2007: the series arrives at a conclusion on March 2009. In 2008 she wrote a short story, a prequel to the series, titled "In Which a Masquerade Ball Unmasks an Undead", published first in the "Mammoth Book of Vampire Romance", then as "Victoria Gardella: Vampire Slayer". Before becoming a full-time writer, she worked in sales and marketing and started her own business in the insurance field.

[Wikipedia: Sugata Bose] Sugata Bose (born 7 September 1956) is an Indian historian and politician who has taught and worked in the United States since the mid-1980s. His fields of study are South Asian and Indian Ocean history. Bose taught at Tufts University until 2001, when he accepted the Gardiner Chair of Oceanic History and Affairs at Harvard University. Bose is also the Director of the Netaji Research Bureau in Kolkata, India, a research center and archives devoted to the life and work of Bose's great uncle, the Indian nationalist, Subhas Chandra Bose. Bose is the author most recently of "His Majesty's Opponent: Subhas Chandra Bose and India's Struggle against Empire" (2011) and "A Hundred Horizons: The Indian Ocean in the Age of Global Empire" (2006).

[Wikipedia: Gnosis (Gnidrolog album)] Gnosis is the fourth album of the British progressive rock band, Gnidrolog. The album's title, "Gnosis", means divine or spiritual knowledge and understanding. It is their third studio album and the first to be recorded in 27 years. The album was mostly recorded at Select Sound Studios, Cairns, Australia, where it was engineered and produced by Nigel Pegrum. "Repent Harlequin", "Two Helens" and the title track were all recorded at Music City Studios, London, engineered by Joe Suarez and produced by Nessa Glen, in courtesy of Sarastro Music. The album was mostly published by Kempyre Music, except "Two Helens", which was published by Sarastro Music. Chris Copping of Procol Harum played his Hammond B3 Organ for a couple of tracks, which were recorded in Woodstock Studios, Melbourne and engineered by Tim Dudfield. Post production is credited to David J Burrows and Stewart Goldring. The album was mastered by David J Burrows at Disques rue Bis. The album is noted to be eclectic not only for its transcontinental recording but also for the use of traditional instruments such as the Australian aboriginal, didgeridoos. The album marks the band's comeback which has also prompted the release of the Live 1972 album. The album was essentially a cooperation between the 1970s old Gnidrolog members to release the Goldring brothers' original material with the addition of Rick Kemp of Steeleye Span and Nessa Glen.

[Wikipedia: Revenge tragedy] Revenge tragedy (less commonly referred to as revenge drama, revenge play, or tragedy of blood) defines a genre of plays made popular in early modern England. Ashley H. Thorndike formally established this genre in his seminal 1902 article "The Relations of Hamlet to Contemporary Revenge Plays," which characterizes revenge tragedy "as a tragedy whose leading motive is revenge and whose main action deals with the progress of this revenge, leading to the death of the murderers and often the death of the avenger himself." Thomas Kyd's "The Spanish Tragedy" (c.1580s) is often considered the inaugural revenge tragedy on the early modern stage. However, more recent research extends early modern revenge tragedy to the 1560s with poet and classicist Jasper Heywood's translations of Seneca at Oxford University, including "Troas" (1559), "Thyestes" (1560), and "Hercules Furens" (1561). Additionally, Thomases Norton and Sackville's play "Gorbuduc" (1561) is considered an early revenge tragedy (almost twenty years prior to "The Spanish Tragedy"). Other well-known revenge tragedies include William Shakespeare's "Hamlet" (c.1599-1602) and "Titus Andronicus" (c.1588-1593) and Thomas Middleton's "The Revenger's Tragedy" (c.1606).

[Wikipedia: Super Bowl XXXI] Super Bowl XXXI was an American football game between the American Football Conference (AFC) champion New England Patriots and the National Football Conference (NFC) champion Green Bay Packers to decide the National Football League (NFL) champion for the 1996 season. The Packers defeated the Patriots by the score of 35–21, earning their third overall Super Bowl victory, and their first since Super Bowl II. The Packers also extended their league record for the most overall NFL championships to 12. It was also the last in a run of 13 straight Super Bowl victories by the NFC over the AFC. The game was played on January 26, 1997 at the Louisiana Superdome in New Orleans, Louisiana.

[Wikipedia: Source UK Services] Source UK Services Ltd., or simply Source, is a specialist British-based provider of exchange-traded funds (ETFs) and exchange-traded commodities (ETCs). The first products of Source, 22 T-ETCs and 13 ETFs, became available in April 2009 on Deutsche Börse. Source was started by five of the world's largest equity trading houses – BofA Merrill Lynch, Goldman Sachs, J.P. Morgan, Morgan Stanley and Nomura. In 2014, Warburg Pincus, the large global Private Equity firm, purchased 51% and is now the sixth owner. As part of that deal, Lee Kranefuss, the innovator behind the iShares ETF line at Barclays and BlackRock, became Executive Chairman of Source.

[Wikipedia: Value America] Value America or VA was a dot-com company founded in Nevada in 1996 by Craig Winn and Rex Scatena, and relocated to Charlottesville, Virginia in February 1998. Its business model involved connecting customers on the Web directly to manufacturers, with the intent of providing better pricing and faster shipping (a just-in-time model similar to those used by Wal-Mart and Dell). Customers could order a wide range of products from VA's website, then VA would transmit the orders directly to the manufacturers, and the manufacturers would then package the products and ship them directly to the customer. Winn referred to this concept as "convergence commerce". Value America was backed by Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen's Vulcan Ventures and FedEx co-founder Frederick W. Smith.

[Wikipedia: Quesnelia edmundoi] Quesnelia edmundoi is a species of bromeliad in the genus "Quesnelia".

[Wikipedia: Ji Hyeon-ok] Ji Hyeon-ok (Hangul: 지현옥 ) (1959-1999) was a South Korean mountaineer. Born in Nonsan, she climbed several of the tallest mountains in the world, including Denali (Mount McKinley) in 1988, Mount Everest, in 1993, becoming the first Korean woman to do so, Gasherbrum I, in 1997 and Gasherbrum II, in 1998.

[Wikipedia: The Cheetah Girls: One World] The Cheetah Girls: One World (also known as The Cheetah Girls 3 or The Cheetah Girls 3: One World) is a 2008 Disney Channel Original Movie which premiered on Disney Channel on August 22, 2008. It is the third and final film of "The Cheetah Girls" film trilogy, and the only film without the participation of Raven-Symoné.

[Wikipedia: Banksiamyces] Banksiamyces is a genus of fungi in the order Helotiales, with a tentative placement in the family Helotiaceae. The genus contains four species, which grow on the seed follicles of the dead infructescences or "cones" of various species of "Banksia", a genus in the plant family Proteaceae endemic to Australia. Fruit bodies of the fungus appear as small (typically less than 10 mm diameter), shallow dark cups on the follicles of the "Banksia" fruit. The edges of dry fruit bodies fold inwards, appearing like narrow slits. The first specimens of "Banksiamyces", known then as "Tympanis toomansis", were described in 1887. Specimens continued to be collected occasionally for almost 100 years before becoming examined more critically in the early 1980s, leading to the creation of a new genus to contain what was determined to be three distinct species, "B. katerinae", "B. macrocarpus", and "B. toomansis". A fourth species, "B. maccannii", was added in 1984.

[Wikipedia: 1999–2000 Milwaukee Bucks season] The 1999–2000 NBA season was the Bucks' 32nd season in the National Basketball Association. During the offseason, the Bucks acquired Danny Manning and former Bucks star Dale Ellis from the Orlando Magic, who acquired Manning from the Phoenix Suns, and Ellis from the Seattle SuperSonics, while signing free agent Darvin Ham. With Sam Cassell playing a full season after dealing with injuries, the Bucks played above .500 in the first half of the season. However, they struggled in February posting a 3–9 record as Ellis was traded to the Charlotte Hornets. With less than a month to go, the Bucks playoff chances appeared bleak as they had a 32–37 record in late March. However, down the stretch, they won 10 of their final 13 games to sneak into the playoffs as the #8 seed in the Eastern Conference, finishing fifth in the Central Division with a 42–40 record. Ray Allen and Glenn Robinson were both selected for the 2000 NBA All-Star Game.

[Wikipedia: Phlebodium] Phlebodium is a small genus of two to four species of ferns, native to tropical and subtropical regions of the Americas. The genus is closely related to "Polypodium", and the species were formerly included in that genus.

[Wikipedia: Irish general election, 2011] The Irish general election of 2011 took place on Friday 25 February to elect 166 Teachtaí Dála across 43 constituencies to Dáil Éireann, the lower house of Ireland's parliament, the Oireachtas. The Dáil was dissolved and the general election called by President Mary McAleese on 1 February, at the request of Taoiseach Brian Cowen. The electorate was given the task of choosing the members of the 31st Dáil, who met on 9 March 2011 to nominate a Taoiseach and ratify the ministers of the Government of the 31st Dáil.

[Wikipedia: Who Is That Mad Band?] Who Is That Mad Band? is the eighth studio album by The Process. Released in 2016, the album features many guest artists, including one of the final recordings of guitarist Dick Wagner, as well as appearances by dub music legend Adrian Sherwood, UK vocalist Ghetto Priest, former Asian Dub Foundation MC Lord Kimo, dub/blues artist Skip McDonald aka Little Axe, electronic music producer David Harrow and the voice of dub reggae legend Lee "Scratch" Perry.

[Wikipedia: Signet Jewelers] Signet Jewelers Ltd. (Ratner Group 1949-1993 then Signet Group plc to September 2008) is the world's largest retailer of diamond jewelry. The company is domiciled in Bermuda and headquartered in Akron, Ohio, and is listed on the New York Stock Exchange. As of 14th march 2016 the company has been delisted from the London Stock Exchange, following reports that less than 1% of their annual trading volume was conducted via the platform. The group operates in the middle market jewelry segment and has number one positions in the U.S., Canada and UK speciality jewelry markets. Certain brands (Jared in the U.S. and H. Samuel/Ernest Jones/Leslie Davis in the UK) operate in the upper middle market. Signet Jewelers owns and operates the companies Zales, Kay Jewelers, and Jared.

[Wikipedia: Graham Masterton] Graham Masterton (born 16 January 1946 in Edinburgh) is a British horror author. Originally editor of "Mayfair" and the British edition of "Penthouse", Graham Masterton's first novel "The Manitou" was released in 1976. This novel was adapted in 1978 for the film "The Manitou". Further works garnered critical acclaim, including a Special Edgar Award by the Mystery Writers of America for "Charnel House" and a Silver Medal by the West Coast Review of Books for "Mirror". He is also the only non-French winner of the prestigious Prix Julia Verlanger for his novel "Family Portrait", an imaginative reworking of the Oscar Wilde novel "The Picture of Dorian Gray". Masterton was also the editor of "Scare Care", a horror anthology published for the benefit of abused children in Europe and the USA.

[Wikipedia: John Dalgleish Donaldson] John Dalgleish Donaldson (born 5 September 1941) is a Scottish-Australian professor and the father of Mary, Crown Princess of Denmark, the wife of the heir apparent to the throne of Denmark, Frederik, Crown Prince of Denmark.

[Wikipedia: Mission Chicago] Mission Chicago was a pre-dawn glider-borne combat assault in the American airborne landings in Normandy, made by elements of the 101st Airborne Division on the early morning of June 6, 1944 during the Normandy landings of World War II. It was part of Operation Neptune, the assault portion of the Allied invasion of Normandy, codenamed Operation Overlord. Originally slated to be the main assault for the 101st Airborne Division, the glider operation instead became the first reinforcement mission after the main parachute combat assault, Mission Albany. Because the area of responsibility for the division was in close proximity to Utah Beach, the use of glider reinforcement was limited in scale, with most division support units transported by sea.

[Wikipedia: Red Cap (TV series)] Red Cap is a British television drama series, produced by Stormy Pictures for the BBC and broadcast on BBC One. A total of thirteen episodes were broadcast over the course of two series, beginning with a feature-length pilot on December 28, 2001. The series follows the investigations and personal relationships of a British Army Special Investigation Branch unit of the Royal Military Police based in Germany. The series initially focused on lead character, Sergeant Jo McDonagh (Tamzin Outhwaite), who was nicknamed McDoughnut, but later series played out as more of an ensemble piece, with several notable characters coming to prominence. A number of fictional regiments were featured in the series, including the Bedford Light Infantry, the Royal Cumbrian Fusiliers, the Wessex Regiment and the Derbyshire Light Infantry.

[Wikipedia: Heather A. Knutson] Heather A. Knutson is an astrophysicist and assistant professor at California Institute of Technology in the Division of Geological and Planetary Sciences. Her research is focused on the study of exoplanets, their composition and formation. She won the American Astronomical Society's Newton Lacy Pierce Prize in Astronomy for her work in exoplanetary atmospheres.<ref name="https://aas.org/grants-and-prizes/newton-lacy-pierce-prize-astronomy">American Astronomical Society: Newton Lacy Pierce Prize in Astronomy | American Astronomical Society, accessdate: June 15, 2016</ref>

[Wikipedia: Airbus A340] The Airbus A340 is a long-range, four-engine, wide-body commercial passenger jet airliner developed and produced by the European aerospace company Airbus. The A340 was assembled in Toulouse, France. It seats up to 375 passengers in the standard variants and 440 in the stretched -600 series. Depending on the model, it has a range of 6700 to . Its distinguishing features are four high-bypass turbofan engines and three-bogie main landing gear.

[Wikipedia: Mahesh Bhupathi] Mahesh Shrinivas Bhupathi (born 7 June 1974) is a retired Indian professional tennis player. In 1997, he became the first Indian to win a Grand Slam tournament (with Rika Hiraki). With his win at the Australian Open mixed doubles in 2006, he joined the elite group of eight tennis players who have achieved a career Grand Slam in mixed doubles. He is also the founder of International Premier Tennis League. In December 2016, Bhupathi was appointed as India's next non-playing Davis Cup captain and took over the reins from Anand Amritraj in February 2017.

[Wikipedia: Francisco José Debali] Francisco José Debali (26 July 1791 – 13 January 1859), born Debály Ferenc József, was a Hungarian-born composer who emigrated to Uruguay in 1838. He authored the national anthem of Uruguay and, possibly, the tune to "Paraguayos, República o Muerte", which became the Paraguayan anthem. (See National Anthem of Uruguay#Music.)

[Wikipedia: Rahul Bhatia] Rahul Bhatia is an Indian businessman and co-founder and Non-executive director of low-cost carrier IndiGo and Group Managing Director of InterGlobe Enterprises. IndiGo airlines commenced operations in 4thAugust 2006 and had its Initial Public Offering (IPO) in October 2015. After the listing of the airline on the Indian stock exchanges BSE and NSE, "Forbes" magazine declared him the twentieth richest person in India (jointly with his father Kapil Bhatia), with a net worth of $3.1 billion. India Today magazine ranked him #17th in India's 50 Most powerful people of 2017 list.

[Wikipedia: East Coast Main Line] The East Coast Main Line (ECML) is a 393 mi major railway link between London and Edinburgh via Peterborough, Doncaster, Wakefield, Leeds, York, Darlington and Newcastle, electrified along the whole route. Services north of Edinburgh to Aberdeen and Inverness use diesel trains. The main franchise on the line is operated by Virgin Trains East Coast.

[Wikipedia: Ava Muhammad] Ava Muhammad (born 1951) is an American Black Muslim. In 1998 she became the first female Minister to preside over a mosque and region in the history of the NOI. Her job as national spokesperson for Minister Farrakhan is among the most prominent in the nation — a post formerly held by Malcolm X under Nation of Islam patriarch Elijah Muhammad. Minister Ava Muhammad is also a member of the Muslim Girls Training (MGT). In addition to administering day-to-day affairs at the mosque Muhammad was named Southern Regional Minister, giving her jurisdiction over Nation of Islam mosque activity in Georgia, Alabama, Mississippi, and parts of Tennessee.

[Wikipedia: Henry Bolewski] From a Polish family and born at Rous Mill near Ballina, Bolewski went to Sydney where he played for Glebe DRLFC, making his first grade debut in the 1912 NSWRFL season. He also played in the Queensland town of Bundaberg, and first gained selection for the Queensland rugby league team in 1913, during which he played in two matches against New South Wales. After moving to Brisbane, Bolewski was selected alongside both of his brothers to play for Queensland against the 1914 Great Britain Lions tourists. He was then the only Queenslander selected to play for Australia in the first Ashes Test against the touring Britons in Sydney, becoming Kangaroo No. 87. He played on the wing and kicked the home side's sole goal in their loss to the British. The following season he rejoined his brother Alex at Glebe, scoring his team's only try in their loss to Eastern Suburbs in the City Cup final. Both players later spent time with the Newtown club. The 1921 NSWRFL season, Bolewski's last, was spent with Glebe.

[Wikipedia: International Thomas Merton Society] The International Thomas Merton Society, founded in 1987, is a learned society which studies the works of American Catholic writer and mystic Thomas Merton. It sponsors conferences and co-publishes a journal, "The Merton Seasonal". The society and the Thomas Merton Center are located at Bellarmine University in Louisville, Kentucky, U.S.A.

[Wikipedia: 50th Bodil Awards] The 50th Bodil Awards ceremony was held in 1997 in Copenhagen, Denmark, honouring the best national and foreign films of 1996. Lars von Trier's "Breaking the Waves" won the award for Best Danish Film and Emily Watson and Katrin Cartlidge  won the awards for best leading and supporting actresses. Max von Sydow for his role in "Hamsun" and Zlatko Buric won the award for best supporting actor for his role in "Pusher". Bodil Kjær, one of the two film people named Bodil for whom the statuette is named, the other being Bodil Ipsen, reveived an Bodil Honorary Award, bringing her total number of Bodil wins up to four.

[Wikipedia: Je suis né d'une cigogne] Je suis né d'une cigogne (English: Children of the Stork ) is a 1999 French road movie directed by Tony Gatlif, starring Romain Duris, Rona Hartner, Ouassini Embarek, Christine Pignet and Marc Nouyrigat. Following its French release, it received mixed reviews but was nominated for a "Golden Bayard" at the "International Festival of Francophone Film" in Namur, Belgium.

[Wikipedia: Montgomery Clift] Edward Montgomery "Monty" Clift ( ; October 17, 1920July 23, 1966) was an American film and stage actor. "The New York Times"’ obituary of Clift noted his portrayal of "moody, sensitive young men". He is best remembered for roles in "Red River" (1948), "The Heiress" (1949), George Stevens's "A Place in the Sun" (1951), as a Catholic priest in Alfred Hitchcock's "I Confess" (1952), as the self-destructive soldier Prewitt in Fred Zinnemann's "From Here to Eternity" (1953), in Edward Dmytryk's "The Young Lions" (1958), and as a mentally challenged, sterilized concentration camp survivor in Stanley Kramer's "Judgment at Nuremberg" (1961). He received four Academy Award nominations during his career: three for Best Actor and one for Best Supporting Actor.

[Wikipedia: Bronx County District Attorney] The Bronx County District Attorney is the elected district attorney for Bronx County, which is coterminous with the Borough of the Bronx, in New York City. The office is responsible for the prosecution of violations of New York state laws. (Federal law in the Bronx is prosecuted by the U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York). The current Bronx County District Attorney is Darcel Clark.

[Wikipedia: Columba de Dunbar] Columba de Dunbar ( 1386 – 1435) was Bishop of Moray from 1422 until his death at Spynie Palace near Elgin sometime before 7 November 1435.

[Wikipedia: Aquichua] Aquichua (possibly from Aymara, "jaqhi" precipice, cliff, Aymara and Quechua "chuwa" plate, "cliff plate") is a mountain in the Vilcanota mountain range in the Andes of Peru, about 5300 m high. It is located in the Cusco Region, Quispicanchi Province, Marcapata District. Aquichua is situated north east of the lake Sibinacocha and the mountain Chumpe and north of the Yayamari.

[Wikipedia: War (2007 film)] War is a 2007 American action crime thriller film directed by Philip G. Atwell in his directorial debut and also featuring fight choreography by Corey Yuen. The film stars Jet Li and Jason Statham. The film was released in the United States on August 24, 2007. "War" features a collaboration between Jet Li and Jason Statham, reuniting them for the first time since 2001's "The One". Jason Statham plays an FBI agent determined to take down a mysterious assassin known as Rogue (played by Jet Li), after his partner is murdered.

[Wikipedia: Can We Talk] "Can We Talk" is a song recorded by American R&B singer Tevin Campbell and composed and produced by Babyface. It was the first single to be released from his double platinum second release "I'm Ready". The song hit top ten on the pop charts peaking at number nine on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and spent a total of three weeks at number one on the US R&B chart. It sold 500,000 copies and earned a gold certification from the Recording Industry Association of America. The song was also Nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Rhythm & Blues Vocal Performance - Male. It was also nominated and later won the Soul Train Music Award for Best R&B/Soul Single - Male ("Can We Talk"). Cover versions of the hit song have been done by The Whispers, Sanchez, and Kirk Whalum (on his 2005 album "Kirk Whalum Performs the Babyface Songbook"). The song was later covered by British boyband Code Red in 1996, for their debut album "Scarlet" and was released as the album's lead single becoming a modest hit and reaching #1 in Asia. The song has also been covered by a Japanese/Korean singer during June 2008. The song became the opening theme to the 2012 sitcom "1600 Penn". The song was sampled in hip hop duo Luniz's song "Playa Hata" from their debut album "Operation Stackola". The song was sung by 19-year-old Victor Sulfa during the semi-finals on season 3 of "New Zealand Idol" as well as Nikko Smith during the Top 10 round on season 4 of "American Idol". The song has been featured on at least two different compilation albums including Disc 14 of "Classic Soul Ballads" entitled "Tender Love" and Volume 6 of MTV's "Party to Go" compilation albums series entitled "MTV Party to Go 6".

[Wikipedia: Vera T. Sós] Vera T. Sós (born September 11, 1930) is a Hungarian mathematician, specializing in number theory and combinatorics. She was a student and close collaborator of both Paul Erdős and Alfréd Rényi. She also collaborated frequently with her husband Pál Turán, the analyst, number theorist, and combinatorist (the letter T in her name stands for Turán). Until 1987, she worked at the Department of Analysis at the Eötvös Loránd University, Budapest. Since then, she has been employed by the Alfréd Rényi Institute of Mathematics. She was elected a corresponding member (1985), member (1990) of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences. In 1997, Sós was awarded the Széchenyi Prize.

[Wikipedia: Admiralty Island National Monument] Admiralty Island National Monument is a United States National Monument located on Admiralty Island in Southeast Alaska, and is managed as part of the Tongass National Forest. It was created December 1, 1978, and covers 955,747 acres (3,868 km) in Southeast Alaska. The remoteness of the monument led Congress to pass legislation designating all but 18,351 acres (74 km) of the monument as the Kootznoowoo Wilderness, ensuring that the vast bulk of this monument is permanently protected from development. The monument is administered by the U.S. Forest Service from offices in Juneau.

[Wikipedia: Setting Fires (song)] "Setting Fires" is a song by American DJ duo The Chainsmokers, released as a promotional single from the duo's second extended play, "Collage" (2016). It features the vocal collaboration of American electronic music duo XYLØ. The song was written by Melanie Fontana, Jon Asher and Andrew Taggart. "Setting Fires" was released on November 4, 2016, through Disruptor Records and Columbia Records.

[Wikipedia: Stewart Copeland] Stewart Armstrong Copeland (born July 16, 1952) is an American musician and composer, best known as the former drummer for the English rock band the Police, and for his film and video game soundtracks. Copeland has also written various pieces of music for ballet, opera and orchestra. According to MusicRadar, Copeland’s "distinctive drum sound and uniqueness of style has made him one of the most popular drummers to ever get behind a drumset". He was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as a member of the Police in 2003, the "Modern Drummer" Hall of Fame in 2005, and the "Classic Drummer" Hall of Fame in 2013. In 2016, Copeland was ranked 10th on "Rolling Stone"' s "100 Greatest Drummers of All Time".

[Wikipedia: King Charles the Martyr] King Charles the Martyr, or Charles, King and Martyr, is a title of Charles I, who was King of England, of Scotland, and of Ireland from 1625 until his execution on 30 January 1649. The title was used by high church Anglicans who regarded Charles' execution as a martyrdom. His feast day in the Anglican calendar is 30 January, the anniversary of his execution in 1649. The cult of Charles the Martyr was popular with Tories. The observance was one of several "state services" removed in 1859 from the Book of Common Prayer of the Church of England and the Church of Ireland. There remain some churches and parishes dedicated to Charles the Martyr, and his cult is maintained by some Anglo-Catholic societies, including the Society of King Charles the Martyr founded in 1894.

[Wikipedia: Raz-B] De'Mario Monte Thornton (born June 13, 1985), known as Raz-B, is an American, singer and actor. who was a founding member of R&B boy band B2K.

[Wikipedia: The War Within (Wrekonize album)] The War Within is the second studio album by American rapper Wrekonize. The album was released on June 25, 2013, by Strange Music. The album features guest appearances from Bernz, Tech N9ne, Crooked I, Posdnuos, Bun B and Liz Suwandi. The album debuted at number 88 on the "Billboard" 200 chart, in the first week of its release.

[Wikipedia: Pokémon: Giratina and the Sky Warrior] Pokémon: Giratina and the Sky Warrior is the United States title for the 11th Pokémon movie and the second movie in the Diamond & Pearl trilogy, originally released in Japan as Pocket Monsters Diamond & Pearl the Movie: Giratina and the Bouquet of the (Frozen) Sky: Shaymin (劇場版ポケットモンスター ダイヤモンド&パール ギラティナと氷空（そら）の花束 シェイミ , Gekijōban Poketto Monsutā Daiyamondo Pāru Giratina to Sora no Hanataba Sheimi ) . Directed by Kunihiko Yuyama and written by Hideki Sonoda, it was released in Japanese theaters on July 19, 2008 and was released in Japan on DVD on December 19, 2008. The film premiered on February 13, 2009 in the USA in theaters and on Cartoon Network in 2017 on Nickelodeon and was released on Region 1 DVD on March 31, 2009 and was then premiered on May 23 on Jetix in the UK. This was the first film to be distributed by Universal Studios in North America, the first time since "" that a film had been distributed by a Big 6 Studio (Warner Bros.), the first time since "" that a film was from a studio owned by a major media conglomerate (Miramax), and the first anime film that Universal has ever distributed. It was later re-released on Region 1 DVD on July 7, 2015 by Viz Media. It aired in Pakistan on August 21, 2011 on Cartoon Network Pakistan.

[Wikipedia: Old Orchard Beach Inn] The Staples Inn, now the Old Orchard Beach Inn, is an historic travelers' accommodation at 8 Portland Avenue in Old Orchard Beach, Maine. Located in a building dating to the late 18th century, it is the oldest known property to have regularly had summer boarders, with a documented history of doing so dating to 1840. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.

[Wikipedia: University of Natural Science] Institute of Natural Science (INS) is a university located inside the region of the National Academy of Science in Pyongyang, North Korea. As Kim Il-sung, a former leader of North Korea, emphasized the significance of education for gifted and talented students, INS originally started as a branch of Kim Il-sung University on January 17, 1962. It was separated from Kim Il-sung University in 1985. In South Korean mass media, this university is called "KAIST of North Korea". Top students of natural sciences or engineering in North Korea study at this university supported totally by North Korean government. Eighty percent of them is graduated from No.1 Middle Schools, which are science high schools for gifted and talented students in North Korea, and the rest thirty percent are medal winners in the national science (math, physics, chemistry, and biology) olympiads or national science quiz contests.

[Wikipedia: The Rain Rain Rain Came Down Down Down] "The Rain Rain Rain Came Down Down Down" is a narrative song from the Walt Disney musical film featurette, "Winnie the Pooh and the Blustery Day". The song is also incorporated into the 1977 musical film "The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh" which is an amalgamation of three Winnie-the-Pooh featurettes including "Blustery Day". The song was written by the Sherman Brothers who have written most of the music for the Winnie-the-Pooh franchise over the many years. It was sung by an unidentified off-screen chorus with occasional lines sung by veteran character actor Sterling Holloway who provided the voice of Pooh.

[Wikipedia: Southern Gothic (album)] Southern Gothic is the debut album by Atlanta-based hip hop/rock band The Constellations. It was released on June 21, 2010 and features cameo appearances from Cee-Lo Green and Asher Roth. "Perfect Day" has been featured in films and TV shows such as "Horrible Bosses", "Chuck" and "Suits".

[Wikipedia: Beauty and the Beast (franchise)] Beauty and the Beast is a Disney media franchise comprising a film series and additional merchandise. The success of the original 1991 American animated feature, "Beauty and the Beast", directed by Gary Trousdale and Kirk Wise, led to three direct-to-video follow-up films, a live-action spin-off television series, a Disney World stage show, a Disney World restaurant, several video games, merchandise, and the 9th longest-running musical in Broadway history, which was nominated for nine Tony Awards, winning for Best Costume Design. In March 2017, Disney released a live-action remake of the film.

[Wikipedia: Chicago Central Area Transit Plan] The Chicago Central Area Transit Plan, or generally referred to as the Chicago Central Area Transit Project (CCATP) in the 1970s, was an extensive study of the rapid transit system in downtown Chicago; the study had begun in 1965.

[Wikipedia: John Glenn Columbus International Airport] John Glenn Columbus International Airport (IATA: CMH, ICAO: KCMH, FAA LID: CMH) , is an international airport located 6 mi east of downtown Columbus, Ohio. Formerly known as Port Columbus International Airport, it is managed by the Columbus Regional Airport Authority, which also oversees operations at Rickenbacker International Airport and Bolton Field. The airport code 'CMH' stands for "Columbus Municipal Hangar," the original name for the airport.

[Wikipedia: Suzuki MR Wagon] The Suzuki MR Wagon is a 4-seater mini MPV manufactured by Suzuki for the Japanese market only, and also marketed in Japan by Nissan as the Nissan Moco under an OEM agreement. The model debuted in 2001, and since 2011 it has been in its third generation. It was launched in India by Maruti Suzuki as Maruti Zen Estilo in 2006, Maruti Zen Estilo was discontinued in 2009 and renamed as Maruti Estilo.

[Wikipedia: J. Todd Anderson] J. Todd Anderson is a storyboard artist who has worked primarily with the Coen brothers, but also with an array of other filmmakers. He also, along with film archivist and friend George Willeman and WYSO D.J. Niki Dakota, produces Filmically Perfect. He made his directorial debut in 1998 with the film "The Naked Man". A few years later, he served as Second Unit Director on the Coen brothers' Intolerable Cruelty, which earned him membership in the Directors Guild of America.

[Wikipedia: Cédula de identidad (Costa Rica)] In Costa Rica, in recent years, a cédula de identidad, has been a credit card-sized plastic card. On one side, it includes a photo of the person, a personal identification number, and the card's owner personal information (complete name, gender, birth date, and others), and the user's signature. On the reverse, it may include additional information such as the date when the ID card was granted, expiration date of the ID card, and other such as their fingerprints, and all the owner's information in matrix code. Every Costa Rican citizen must carry an ID card immediately after turning 18.

[Wikipedia: Northern Ireland Football League] The Northern Ireland Football League (commonly abbreviated to NIFL), also known as the Irish League, is the national football league of Northern Ireland. It was formed in 2013 to assume independent collective management of the top three levels of the Northern Ireland football league system; namely the Premiership, Championship and NIFL Premier Intermediate League.

[Wikipedia: Carlos M. Rivera] Carlos M. Rivera (born 1934) is the first Hispanic commissioner in the New York City Fire Department's 127-year history. He was appointed the 27th Fire Commissioner of the City of New York by Mayor David N. Dinkins on January 1, 1990 and served in that position until his resignation on August 31, 1993.

[Wikipedia: 100th Window] 100th Window is the fourth studio album by English trip-hop group Massive Attack. Of the band's original core trio, the album only features Robert Del Naja. Andrew Vowles departed shortly after the release of "Mezzanine", and Grant Marshall refused to participate in the making of the record. Released in February 2003, "100th Window" was written and produced by Del Naja and Neil Davidge, and features vocals from Horace Andy, Sinéad O'Connor and Damon Albarn (performing as 2D). It is the first album by the band that made no use of samples, and contains none of the jazz or jazz fusion stylings of the "Blue Lines" or "Protection" recordings.

[Wikipedia: Valentine Browne, 1st Earl of Kenmare] Valentine Browne, 1st Earl of Kenmare (January 1754 – 3 October 1812) was the Seventh Baronet Browne. He was created First Baron Castlerosse and First Viscount Kenmare on 12 February 1798, with the earlier peerages not being recognised. He was created First Earl of Kenmare on 3 January 1801.

[Wikipedia: Anchor &amp; Braille] Anchor & Braille is the recording alias for American singer and songwriter Stephen Christian, known for fronting the alternative rock band Anberlin, before its dissolution in 2014. Originally conceived as a side project for Christian, Anchor & Braille is now his primary vehicle for releasing music. Christian has described Anchor & Braille as a collaborative effort, having recorded with musicians such as Aaron Marsh of Copeland, Micah Tawlks, and Kevin Daily of Civil Twilight. Since its beginning, Christian has released three studio albums under this name, Felt in 2009, The Quiet Life in 2012, and Songs for the Late Night Drive Home in 2016.

[Wikipedia: Sacred Heart High School (Ottawa)] Sacred Heart Catholic High School is a secondary school of the Ottawa Catholic School Board in Ottawa, Ontario Canada. It serves as a middle school and also as a high school, having classes from grades seven to twelve. The team name is the Sacred Heart Huskies with the colours white, red and black. Some of Sacred Heart's feeder schools include: Guardian Angels Catholic Elementary School, Holy Spirit Catholic Elementary School, St. Phillips Catholic Elementary School, St. Stephen's Catholic Elementary school, Sittsville Public School and Westwind Public School, among others. The school is run in the district of John Curry the local trustee of zone 1. Sacred Heart is the largest high school in Ontario according to student population.

[Wikipedia: Anton Coppola] Antonio Coppola (born March 21, 1917) is an American opera conductor and composer. He is the uncle of film director Francis Ford Coppola and actress Talia Shire, as well as the grand-uncle of Nicolas Cage, Sofia Coppola, Gian-Carlo Coppola, Jason Schwartzman and Robert Schwartzman, and is the younger brother of American composer and musician Carmine Coppola.

[Wikipedia: Fish Creek Falls] Fish Creek Falls is a waterfall located about 5 miles to the east of Steamboat Springs, Colorado in Routt National Forest. Fish Creek runs from several small lakes in the Rabbit Ears Range of Colorado. In the summertime, the road to Fish Creek Falls becomes often clogged in mid-afternoon with tourists wanting to see the 283 ft waterfall. It is possible to hike all the way to the terminus of the waterfall through giant boulders and rushing water. There are two hiking trails from the parking lot at the end of Fish Creek Fall Road. One is 1/4 of a mile (1/4 mi ) and goes through several Aspen groves with the occasional Subalpine Fir. It ends at a viewing station where the entirety of the falls can be seen. The other trail goes straight down into the U-Shaped valley formed by glaciers. As it nears the bottom of the valley, one can hear the rushing sound of water over the fall and see beautiful Fish Creek. The trail continues on to Upper Fish Creek Falls and then on to the Wyoming Trail, a long trail running the northwestern mountains of Colorado to Wyoming. The falls provide a great place for ice climbing in the winter when 300+ inches of snow (300 in ) fall on the mountains east of Steamboat Springs.

[Wikipedia: The Greatest Gift (TV series)] The Greatest Gift was a 1950s US TV soap opera featuring actors Ward Costello, Anne Meara and Jack Klugman as Jim Hanson.

[Wikipedia: Aqua-lung] Aqua-Lung was the original English name of the first open-circuit, self-contained underwater breathing apparatus (or "SCUBA") to reach worldwide popularity and commercial success. This class of equipment is now commonly referred to as a diving regulator or demand valve. The Aqua-Lung was invented in Paris during the winter of 1942–1943 by two Frenchmen: the engineer Émile Gagnan and Naval Lieutenant ("lieutenant de vaisseau") Jacques Cousteau. It allowed Cousteau and Gagnan to film and explore more easily underwater.

[Wikipedia: Rocky Mountain Thunder] The Rocky Mountain Thunder was an indoor football team in the Indoor Professional Football League (IPFL) during the 1999 season. The Thunder was owned by Scott Riddell and played their home games at the World Arena in Colorado Springs, Colorado. Riddell, the CEO of Colorado Springs based Internet company U.S. Telnet, Purchased the team half way through the season when the original owners declared bankruptcy. U.S. Telnet had designed the current logo and website for the team. The team's official colors were: Royal Blue, Silver and Black. The head coach for the Thunder was Collins Sanders, who also served as head coach for the 1998 PIFL Colorado Wildcats and currently is head coach/director of football operations for the Colorado Ice of the UIF.

[Wikipedia: Ælfwine Haroldsson] Ælfwine Haroldsson or Ælfwine was most probably an illegitimate son of King Harold Harefoot of England. He was probably born during the early 1030s, either in Scandinavia or after 1035 in England. He appears in an early twelfth-century cartulary from the monastery of Sainte Foi at Conques in Aquitaine as "Alboynus" (a cognate of Ælfwine), alongside the records that he was born in London and was the son of a King "Heroldus" (a Latinised version of Harold) and one "Alveva" ("Ælfgifu" Latinised). It is also noted that he arrived in Conques in 1060 on pilgrimage and persuaded the local authorities to rebuild the church and make him prior. W. H. Stevenson showed the only chronologically plausible candidate for his father is King Harold Harefoot. With Harold Harefoot's sudden death on 17 March 1040 Ælfwine was most likely left in his otherwise unknown mother's care, or even that of his powerful and influential grandmother Ælfgifu of Northampton, who may be the Ælfgifu of the record mistakenly named as his mother, rather than grandmother. He did not lay any claim to the throne of England. Little is known about him, but he is thought to have died in the 1070s or 1080s. He was a grandson of Cnut the Great.

[Wikipedia: Rat Trap (film)] Rat Trap (French: Le Rat d'Amérique ) is a 1963 French adventure film directed by Jean-Gabriel Albicocco. It was entered into the 1963 Cannes Film Festival.

[Wikipedia: Ben Wright (American actor)] Ben Wright (born September 3, 1969) is best known for originating the role of "Jack" in the Tony Award-winning musical "Into the Woods". Wright's professional acting career started with George C. Wolfe's Off-Broadway production of "Paradise" at Playwrights Horizons. He then went on to originate leading roles on Broadway in Stephen Sondheim's "Into The Woods" and the Tony nominated "State Fair", for which he received a Drama Desk Nomination. He also created the role of Nanki Poo in Hot Mikado at the Ford's Theater in Washington, D.C. He has worked extensively with some of Broadway’s greatest talents, including Stephen Sondheim, James Lapine, Bernadette Peters, James Hammerstein, Paul Gemignani and Joanna Gleason. Wright's feature film credits include the Academy Award winning "Born on the Fourth of July" with Tom Cruise as well as Penny Marshall's "Renaissance Man" with Danny DeVito. Wright's television credits include starring opposite Judd Nelson in NBC's "" and the ABC drama series "Capital News" with Lloyd Bridges and Helen Slater. Wright has performed at the Tony Awards two times and can be heard on several albums, including the original cast recording of State Fair and the Grammy Award winning recording of "Into the Woods".

[Wikipedia: The Pizza Underground] The Pizza Underground was an American comedy rock band based in New York City. Mainly parodying songs by the Velvet Underground with pizza-themed song names and lyrics, the group consisted of former child actor Macaulay Culkin (kazoo, percussion and vocals) along with Matt Colbourn (guitar, vocals), Phoebe Kreutz (glockenspiel, vocals), Deenah Vollmer (pizza box, vocals) and Austin Kilham (tambourine, vocals). Because of the theme, the band gave out boxed pizzas to people who attended their live performances.

[Wikipedia: Pittosporum] Pittosporum ( or ) is a genus of about 200 species of flowering plants in the family Pittosporaceae. The genus is probably Gondwanan in origin; its present range extends from Australasia, Oceania, eastern Asia and some parts of Africa. "Citriobatus" is usually included here, but might be a distinct (though closely related) genus. They are commonly known as pittosporums or, more ambiguously, "cheesewoods".

[Wikipedia: Philadelphus mexicanus] Philadelphus mexicanus is a shrub belonging to the genus "Philadelphus", native to Mexico and Guatemala. It is a spreading, evergreen shrub with pendent, bristly shoots and ovate, sometimes partly toothed leaves up to 11 cm long. Flowers are single, cup shaped, rose scented, creamy white in colour, measuring up to 4 cm across. "Rose syringa" (syn. "Philadelphus maculatus") is the most commonly cultivated variety and has fragrant white flowers with a purple blotch in the centre.

[Wikipedia: Young Man Blues] "Young Man Blues" is a song by jazz artist Mose Allison. Allison first recorded it in March 1957 for his debut album, "Back Country Suite", in which it appears under the title "Back Country Suite: Blues." In Allison's two-CD compilation set of 2002, "Allison Wonderland", Allison reveals that the tune's full title is: "Back Country Suite: Blues (a.k.a. 'Young Man's Blues')". The tune was famously covered by The Who during live sets - first appearing on their 1970 album "Live at Leeds". Another live performance features in the movie and soundtrack for "The Kids Are Alright", from a 1969 performance at the London Coliseum. The song was included in "Rock Band 2" as downloadable content. The tune is also found on Chris Spedding's 2009 reissued album "One Step Ahead of the Blues", where in the liner notes Spedding states he was trying make a version, which was how he imagined Allison originally recorded it; having never heard it. Spedding's blues rock version differs considerably from either Allison's jazz-blues or The Who's rock versions. It has also been covered live by You Am I, Joe Bonamassa, the Foo Fighters and The Bright Light Social Hour.

[Wikipedia: Nehru Memorial Museum &amp; Library] The Nehru Memorial Museum & Library (NMML) is a museum and library in New Delhi, India, which aims to preserve and reconstruct the history of the Indian independence movement. Housed within the Teen Murti House complex, it is an autonomous institution under the Indian Ministry of Culture, and was founded in 1964 after the death of India's first prime minister, Jawaharlal Nehru. It aims to foster academic research on modern and contemporary history. Today, the Nehru Memorial Library is the world’s leading resource centre on India’s first prime minister and its archives contain the bulk of Mahatma Gandhi's writings apart from private papers of C. Rajagopalachari, B. C. Roy, Jayaprakash Narayan, Charan Singh, Sarojini Naidu and Rajkumari Amrit Kaur. In March 2010 it launched a digitization project of its archives, under which by June 2011, 867,000 pages of manuscripts and 29,807 photographs were scanned and 500,000 pages uploaded on the digital library website. Amongst noted publications of the NMML are "Selected Works of Jawaharlal Nehru", "Man of Destiny" by Ruskin Bond, "Nehru Anthology " (1980) and "Nehru Anthology".

[Wikipedia: Myrlie Evers-Williams] Myrlie Louise Evers–Williams (née Beasley; born March 17, 1933) is an American civil rights activist of the Civil Rights Movement and journalist who worked for over three decades to seek justice for the murder of her civil rights activist husband Medgar Evers in 1963. She was also chairwoman of the NAACP, and published several books on topics related to civil rights and her husband’s legacy. On January 21, 2013, she delivered the invocation at the second inauguration of Barack Obama.

[Wikipedia: Beagle] The Beagle is a breed of small hound, similar in appearance to the much larger foxhound. The beagle is a scent hound, developed primarily for hunting hare. With a great sense of smell and superior tracking instinct, the beagle is employed as detection dog for prohibited agricultural imports and foodstuffs in quarantine around the world. The beagle is intelligent but single-minded. It is a popular pet due to its size, good temper, and lack of inherited health problems.

[Wikipedia: Robin Guarino] Robin Guarino (born April 3, 1960) is an opera and film director. She has directed operas such as "The Marriage of Figaro", "Don Giovanni", "Lohengrin", "Così fan tutte" , and "The Magic Flute" at the Metropolitan Opera. Also, she has directed at Seattle Opera, Glimmerglass Opera, Chautauqua Opera, Virginia Opera, and Wolf Trap Opera. She continues to direct, most recently "L'etoile" and "The Marriage of Figaro" for the Wolf Trap Opera Festival, " La Calisto", "The Magic Flute" and "Iphigénie en Aulide" for Juilliard Opera Center, and at Gotham Chamber Opera, "Il Signor Bruschino". She currently holds the J. Ralph Corbett Distinguished Chair in Opera at the University of Cincinnati College-Conservatory of Music."

[Wikipedia: The Daily Howler] The Daily Howler is an American political blog written by Bob Somerby. It was perhaps the first major political blog, started in 1998. The style is by turns earnest and sarcastic. Somerby criticizes what he considers the media's frequently biased or lazy coverage. In his view, the media frequently latch on to a generally agreed "script" with little regard for facts that contradict the script. For instance, in the runup to the U.S. 2000 election it was frequently said or assumed that Al Gore was untruthful, but Somerby shows that much of what supposedly underlay that script was in fact untrue, misrepresented or greatly exaggerated. He also argues that the media frequently ignore substantive issues and concentrate on trivial ones instead (in the 2000 presidential election, for example, professing bewilderment in response to the candidates' budget proposals while writing repeatedly and at length about irrelevant issues such as Gore's choice of clothes, or in 2006 writing articles about Barack Obama's middle name.) Despite being left of center in his politics, Somerby mainly critiques liberals in the U.S. mainstream media who he feels do poor journalism, such as Rachel Maddow and Keith Olbermann, both of MSNBC.

[Wikipedia: Enfants Terribles (artists)] Enfants Terribles also Nana ET Matvey is an artist duo consisting of Nana Rosenørn Holland Bastrup (short: Nana Bastrup) (born 1987 in Copenhagen, Denmark) and Matvey Slavin (born 1987 in Leningrad - subsequently renamed St.Petersburg -, Russia). The duo was founded in Hamburg in 2012 and named after their installation "Enfants Terribles" which, in May 2012, was exhibited on the large paved area outside the Hamburger Kunsthalle in Hamburg. The installation "Enfants Terribles" was a homage to the spider sculpture "Maman" by Louise Bourgeois, and consisted of sixteen baby spiders around Bourgeois' existing sculpture.

[Wikipedia: List of unproduced Chris Columbus projects] The following is a list of unproduced Chris Columbus projects in roughly chronological order. During his long career, American film director Chris Columbus has worked on a number of projects which never progressed beyond the pre-production stage under his direction. Some of these projects, are officially scrapped or fell in development hell.

[Wikipedia: Simhasanam (1986 film)] Simhasanam or Simhaasanam is a South Indian Telugu film released in 1986 starring super star Krishna, who also directed the film. The film was simultaneously made in Hindi as Singhasan. The film is a blockbuster and broke many records in the Telugu film industry. The film is based on Janapada Katha.

[Wikipedia: VP-20] VP-20 was a Patrol Squadron of the U.S. Navy. The squadron was established as Patrol Squadron 8-S (VP-8S) from elements of VT-9S on 1 July 1929, redesignated Patrol Squadron 8-F (VP-8F) on 3 April 1933, redesignated Patrol Squadron 8 (VP-8) on 1 October 1937, redesignated Patrol Squadron 24 (VP-24) on 1 July 1939, redesignated Patrol Squadron 12 (VP-12) on 1 August 1941, redesignated Patrol Bombing Squadron 120 (VPB-120) on 1 October 1944, redesignated Patrol Squadron 120 (VP-120) on 15 May 1946, redesignated Heavy Patrol Squadron (Landplane) 10 (VP-HL-10) on 15 November 1946, redesignated Patrol Squadron 20 (VP-20) on 1 September 1948 and disestablished on 31 March 1949. It was the third squadron to be designated VP-20, the first VP-20 was redesignated VP-44 on 1 July 1940 and the second VP-20 was redesignated VPB-20 on 1 October 1944.

[Wikipedia: Britain's Next Top Model (cycle 12)] Britain's Next Top Model, cycle 12 is the twelveth cycle of "Britain's Next Top Model". The cycle will begin airing on 19 October 2017. Abbey Clancy returned as host alongside Nicky Johnston back to be a judge and Max Rogers first time joined.

[Wikipedia: Groom Lake (salt flat)] Groom Lake is a salt flat in Nevada used for runways of the Nellis Bombing Range Test Site airport (KXTA). It is located immediately north of the Area 51 USAF installation. The lake at 4409 ft elevation is approximately 3.7 mi from north to south and 3 mi from east to west at its widest point, and is approximately 11.3 miles in circumference. Located within the namesake Groom Lake Valley portion of the Tonopah Basin, the lake is 25 mi south of Rachel, Nevada.

[Wikipedia: List of Leeds United F.C. seasons] This is a list of seasons played by Leeds United Association Football Club in English and European football. It covers the period from the club's inaugural season in 1919, following the demise of Leeds City earlier that year, to the end of the last completed season. It details the club's achievements in all major competitions, together with the top scorers and the average attendances for each season. Details of the abandoned 1939–40 season and unofficial Second World War leagues are not included.

[Wikipedia: Traditions of Washington &amp; Jefferson College] The traditions of Washington & Jefferson College are a key aspect of the culture of Washington & Jefferson College. One of the oldest traditions at Washington & Jefferson College were the "Freshman Rules", a system of rules and restrictions on freshmen. Failure by freshmen to follow these rules would subject them to beatings by upperclassmen or other punishments doled out by the "Freshman Court". During the 1870s and 1880s, the students engaged in organized athletic competitions, pitting the freshman versus sophomore classes in the "Olympic Games" that involved elaborate opening ceremonies and the smoking of a Pipe of Peace." Another form of physical contest between the freshman and sophomore classes were the annual "color rush," where the teams fought over control over strips of fabric, the "pole rush," where the teams battled to raise a flag up a flagpole, and the "cane rush" where the teams fought over control over a ceremonial cane. These contests generally devolved into outright gang violence.

[Wikipedia: 2005 Special Olympics World Winter Games] The 2005 Special Olympics Winter World Games were hosted at Nagano in Japan and were the first Special Olympics World Games held in Asia. Nagano became the first city in the world to host the Olympics, Paralympics and Special Olympics World Games.

[Wikipedia: Richard Nixon Supreme Court candidates] President Richard Nixon entered office in 1969 with Chief Justice Earl Warren having announced his retirement from Supreme Court of the United States the previous year. Nixon appointed Warren E. Burger to replace Earl Warren, and during his time in office appointed three other members of the Supreme Court: Associate Justices Harry Blackmun, Lewis F. Powell, and William Rehnquist. Nixon also nominated G. Harrold Carswell and Clement Haynsworth for the vacancy that was ultimately filled by Blackmun, but the nominations were rejected by the United States Senate. Nixon's failed Supreme Court nominations were the first since Herbert Hoover's nomination of John J. Parker was rejected by the Senate.

[Wikipedia: Will Grayson, Will Grayson] Will Grayson, Will Grayson is a novel by John Green and David Levithan, published in April 2010 by Dutton Juvenile. The book's narrative is divided evenly between two boys named Will Grayson, with Green having written all of the chapters for one and Levithan having written the chapters for the other, presented in an alternating chapter fashion. The novel debuted on "The New York Times" children's best-seller list after its release and remained there for three weeks. It was the first LGBT-themed young adult novel to make it to that list.

[Wikipedia: Battle of Katia] The Battle of Katia, also known as the Affair of Qatia by the British, was an engagement fought east of the Suez Canal and north of El Ferdan Station, in the vicinity of Katia and Oghratina, on 23 April 1916 during the Defence of the Suez Canal Campaign of World War I. An Ottoman force led by the German General Friedrich Freiherr Kress von Kressenstein made a surprise attack on three and a half squadrons of the British 5th Mounted Brigade, which was widely scattered to the east of Romani. The mounted brigade had been ordered to the area to protect the new railway and water pipeline being built from Kantara on the Suez Canal, as this infrastructure extended out past the Canal's zone of defences into the Sinai Peninsula towards Romani. Kress Von Kressenstein's attack was completely successful, decimating the equivalent of little more than a regiment. On the same day, an associated Ottoman attack on Duidar, very close to the Suez Canal, failed when it met with strong British opposition.

[Wikipedia: Odessa High School] Odessa High School (OHS) is a public high school located in Odessa, Texas, United States. It is one of three high schools in the Ector County Independent School District. The full name of the school is Odessa Senior High School. This name was originally to differentiate it from Odessa Junior High School (now known as David Crockett Junior High School). Normally, the school is commonly referred to as Odessa High or just OHS. In 2011, the school was rated "Academically Acceptable" by the Texas Education Agency. On April 17, 2014 Odessa High School was named an AVID National Demonstration School, The highest ranking schools in the country are named this title.

[Wikipedia: Tommy Lyttle] Tommy "Tucker" Lyttle (c. 1939 – 18 October 1995), was a high-ranking Ulster loyalist during the period of religious-political conflict in Northern Ireland known as "the Troubles". A member of the Ulster Defence Association (UDA) – the largest loyalist paramilitary organisation in Northern Ireland – he first held the rank of lieutenant colonel and later was made a brigadier. He served as the UDA's spokesman as well as the leader of the organisation's West Belfast Brigade from 1975 until his arrest and imprisonment in 1990. According to journalists Henry McDonald and Brian Rowan, and the Pat Finucane Centre, he became a Royal Ulster Constabulary (RUC) Special Branch informer.

[Wikipedia: Damon Dark] Damon Dark is an independent public access TV series and web series from Australia about a heroic and obsessive investigator of UFO incidents and other strange cases, created by Australian writer, actor and film maker Adrian Sherlock. Damon James Dark became a dedicated alien investigator after a close encounter during his teenage years. He is associated with both the secret service and friendly aliens, including a character called Vincent Kosmos (an alien time traveller) and Trans-Dimensional Control (an alien law enforcement agency). The character of Damon Dark has appeared in a 5-week TV series on Community TV 31 in Melbourne Australia, a self-published novel ("Biodome") on Amazon's createspace platform and a long running web series on YouTube. He has also been involved in related web series "Young Damon Dark" and "Vincent Kosmos." He has also been the focus of a one actor stage drama. The character of Damon Dark has been played by Adrian Sherlock, Bruce Hughes, Aiden Sherlock and Jack Knoll. Damon Dark is a loner, dresses in black, has a huge experience of aliens and their technology. Damon is characterized by his high intelligence, idealistic moral outlook and wry sense of humor. His best friend in the series is the long-suffering Gary Sutton, played by actor Robert Trott. Damon Dark began in 1999, with a five-part weekly series on Melbourne's Community TV 31, (although the pilot was shot in 1996 and the show had been in development since 1990) following a screening of a 65-minute version of the story "Maddox" at the 57th World Science Fiction Convention (Aussiecon Three) held in Melbourne. The series was later revived as a YouTube webseries which inspired several related webseries, including "The Young Damon Dark Adventures" in which the character is played as a teenager, and Vincent Kosmos, (created by and starring Chris Heaven, , an Italian actor and musician, about a renegade alien character who is a friend of Damon.

[Wikipedia: American chestnut] The American chestnut ("Castanea dentata") is a large, monoecious deciduous tree of the beech family native to eastern North America. Before the species was devastated by the chestnut blight, a fungal disease, it was one of the most important forest trees throughout its range, and was considered the finest chestnut tree in the world. It is estimated that between 3 and 4 billion American chestnut trees were destroyed in the first half of the 20th century by blight after its initial discovery in 1904. Very few mature specimens of the tree exist within its historical range, although many small shoots of the former live trees remain. There are hundreds of large (2 to 5 ft diameter) American chestnuts outside its historical range, some in areas where less virulent strains of the pathogen are more common, such as the 600 to 800 large trees in northern Lower Michigan.

[Wikipedia: Nando Parrado] Fernando "Nando" Seler Parrado Dolgay (born 9 December 1949) is one of the sixteen Uruguayan survivors of Uruguayan Air Force Flight 571, which crashed in the Andes mountains on 13 October 1972. After spending two months trapped in the mountains with the other crash survivors, he, along with Roberto Canessa, climbed through the Andes mountains over a 10-day period to find help. His efforts, supported in various ways by the entire group, have been recognized through books and other media. He was portrayed by Ethan Hawke in the 1993 feature film "Alive: Miracle in The Andes".

[Wikipedia: Andy Frankenberger] Andy Frankenberger is a professional poker player and former equity derivatives trader from New York City. In his first year as a professional poker player, Frankenberger was named World Poker Tour (WPT) Season IX Player of the Year. Card Player Magazine described this as one of poker's best rookie years in a September 2011 cover story. Frankenberger followed this up by winning back to back bracelets at the World Series of Poker in 2011 and 2012. He has been prominently featured in financial media including The Wall Street Journal, Fox Business Network, and Bloomberg Television.

[Wikipedia: History of scientific method] The history of scientific method considers changes in the methodology of scientific inquiry, as distinct from the history of science itself. The development of rules for scientific reasoning has not been straightforward; scientific method has been the subject of intense and recurring debate throughout the history of science, and eminent natural philosophers and scientists have argued for the primacy of one or another approach to establishing scientific knowledge. Despite the disagreements about approaches, scientific method has advanced in definite steps. Rationalist explanations of nature, including atomism, appeared both in ancient Greece in the thought of Leucippus and Democritus, and in ancient India, in the Nyaya, Vaisesika and Buddhist schools, while Charvaka materialism rejected inference as a source of knowledge in favour of an empiricism that was always subject to doubt. Aristotle pioneered scientific method in ancient Greece alongside his empirical biology and his work on logic, rejecting a purely deductive framework in favour of generalisations made from observations of nature.

[Wikipedia: Michael Garey] Michael Randolph Garey is a computer science researcher, and co-author (with David S. Johnson) of "Computers and Intractability: A Guide to the Theory of NP-completeness". He and Johnson received the 1979 Lanchester Prize from the Operations Research Society of America for the book. Garey earned his PhD in computer science in 1970 from the University of Wisconsin–Madison. He was employed by AT&T Bell Laboratories in the Mathematical Sciences Research Center from 1970 until his retirement in 1999. For his last 11 years with the organization, he served as its Director. His technical specialties included discrete algorithms and computational complexity, approximation algorithms, scheduling theory, and graph theory. From 1978 until 1981 he served as Editor-in-Chief of The Journal of the Association for Computing Machinery. In 1995, Garey was inducted as a Fellow of the Association for Computing Machinery.

[Wikipedia: Marta Domachowska] Marta Domachowska (; born 16 January 1986 in Warsaw) is a Polish retired professional tennis player ranked World No. 37 in singles (2006) and World No. 62 in doubles (2006). She reached 2008 Australian Open fourth round in singles and won 2006 Canberra International in doubles with Roberta Vinci. She also reached three WTA Tour singles finals at 2004 Hansol Korea Open (lost to Maria Sharapova), 2005 Internationaux de Strasbourg (lost to Anabel Medina Garrigues) and 2006 U.S. National Indoor Tennis Championships (lost to Sofia Arvidsson). She was 2003 Australian Open finalist in girls' singles, represented Poland at the 2008 Summer Olympics and was member of Poland Fed Cup team. Domachowska was the best female Polish tennis player after Magdalena Grzybowska's retirement and before Agnieszka Radwańska's successes.

[Wikipedia: North American Cordillera] The North American Cordillera is the North American portion of the American Cordillera which is a mountain chain (cordillera) along the western side of the Americas. The North American Cordillera covers an extensive area of mountain ranges, intermontane basins, and plateaus in western North America, including much of the territory west of the Great Plains. It is also sometimes called the Western Cordillera, the Western Cordillera of North America, or the Pacific Cordillera.

[Wikipedia: The Hunt (1963 film)] The Hunt (Portuguese: A Caça) is a 1963 short Portuguese film directed by Manoel de Oliveira. The film is a grim, surrealistic short narrative film that contrasted with the positive tones of Oliveira's previous film. Due to censorship issues, Oliveira was forced to add a "happy ending" to the initial release of the film and was unable to restore his original ending until 1988. Because of this film and anti- Salazar regime comments Oliveira made after a screening of his previous film "O Acto de Primavera", he was arrested by the PIDE in 1963. He spent 10 days in jail and was interrogated until finally being released with the help of his friend Manuel Meneres.

[Wikipedia: Venkatesan Guruswami] Venkatesan Guruswami (born 1976) is a computer scientist at Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh, United States. He did his schooling at Padma Seshadri Bala Bhavan in Chennai, India. He completed his undergraduate in Computer Science from IIT Madras and his doctorate from Massachusetts Institute of Technology under the supervision of Madhu Sudan in 2001 . After receiving his PhD, he spent a year at UC Berkeley as a Miller Fellow, and then was a member of the faculty at the University of Washington from 2002 to 2009. His primary area of research is computer science, and in particular on error-correcting codes. Following 2007, he was on leave from University of Washington. During 2007-2008, he visited the Institute for Advanced Study as a Member of School of Mathematics. He also visited SCS at Carnegie Mellon University during 2008-09 as a Visiting Faculty. In July 2009, he joined the School of Computer Science at Carnegie Mellon University as Associate Professor in the Computer Science Department.

[Wikipedia: Shrek (franchise)] The "Shrek" franchise from DreamWorks Animation, based on William Steig's picture book "Shrek!", consists of four computer-animated films including: "Shrek" (2001), "Shrek 2" (2004), "Shrek the Third" (2007), and "Shrek Forever After" (2010), with a fifth film planned for a 2019 or 2020 release. A short 4-D film, "Shrek 4-D", which originally was a theme park ride, was released in 2003.

[Wikipedia: Barasat Government College] Barasat Government College (BGC) is a state Government-owned college in Barasat of West Bengal state of India. The College was established in 1950 and is affiliated with the West Bengal State University and run by the Government of West Bengal. It was formerly affiliated with the University of Calcutta. It is a NAAC accredited with "A" grade & DST-FST sponsored college.

[Wikipedia: KFAC (radio station)] KFAC was a commercial classical music radio station in Los Angeles, broadcasting for most of its life on 1330 kHz AM, and subsequently in both simulcast and separate programming on 92.3 MHz FM as well. "Only 41 of nearly 9,000 commercial radio stations in the United States play classical music" and KFAC was considered one of the best. On September 20, 1989 at 2 p.m., new owners changed both its name and its format, depriving Southern California of a major cultural institution. During its heyday, the station was arguably the most important cultural organization in the Los Angeles area, having greater influence on lovers of classical music than even the Los Angeles Philharmonic. Announcers such as John Conte, Howard Rhines, Dick Crawford, Thomas Cassidy, Carl Princi, Fred Crane, Steve Allen, Alfred Leonard, Tom Dixon, Bill Carlson, Dick Joy, Tom Franklin, Ed Stoddard, Bernie Alan, Rodger Layng, John Santana, Steve Markham and Doug Ordunio were featured on the station. For several years, the station also carried the daily syndicated "Adventures in Good Music" with Karl Haas. Other regularly scheduled programs were hosted by Leonora Schildkraut, Werner Klemperer, and Gussie Moran.

[Wikipedia: Cranford (novel)] Cranford is one of the better-known novels of the 19th-century English writer Elizabeth Gaskell. It was first published, irregularly, in eight instalments, between December 1851 and May 1853, in the magazine "Household Words", which was edited by Charles Dickens. It was then published, with minor revision, in book form in 1853.

[Wikipedia: Maro Ajemian] Maro Ajemian (July 9, 1921 – September 18, 1978) was an American pianist. Ajemian's career in contemporary music got its impetus from her Armenian heritage; she became known as a contemporary pianist after performing the U.S. premiere of Aram Khachaturian's Piano Concerto, which she chose to play based on the fact that Khachaturian was Armenian.

[Wikipedia: Back 2 Good] "Back 2 Good" is a song by Matchbox 20, released as the fifth single from their multi-platinum debut album "Yourself or Someone Like You". This song would prove to be their biggest hit song on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart from "Yourself or Someone Like You", peaking at number 24 in 1998 since their more successful prior hits, "Push" and "3 a.m." failed to hit the Hot 100 and only peaked on the Hot 100 Airplay chart and "Real World" barely made the top 40 on the Hot 100 at number 38. The song was not successful on the rock charts as it failed to chart on any because the song was considered too light for both rock and alternative radio stations with the song only having success on both pop and adult contemporary stations. The song was written by lead singer Rob Thomas and producer Matt Serletic, and is about a romantic relationship that seems to have reached its end, much to the chagrin of the singer.

[Wikipedia: Tabu filmography] Indian actress Tabu, also credited as Tabbu, has appeared in Hindi, Telugu, English, Tamil, Malayalam and Bengali films. Tabu's first credited role came as a teenager in Dev Anand's "Hum Naujawan" (1985), and her first major role was in the Telugu film "Coolie No. 1" (1991). In 1994, she starred in two Hindi filmsthe romance "Pehla Pehla Pyar" and the action drama "Vijaypath"and received the Filmfare Award for Best Female Debut for the latter. After appearing in a series of poorly received films, including "Prem" and "Saajan Ki Baahon Mein" (both 1995), the year 1996 was key for Tabu. Her performance as a young woman affected by the Punjab insurgency in Gulzar's "Maachis" (1996) proved to be a breakthrough for her, and won her the National Film Award for Best Actress. Also that year, Tabu won the Filmfare Award for Best Actress – Telugu for the romance "Ninne Pelladata", and featured alongside Govinda and Karisma Kapoor in the commercially successful comedy film "Saajan Chale Sasural".

[Wikipedia: Far Cry (Marvin Gaye song)] "Far Cry" is the infamous unfinished recording that was included on singer Marvin Gaye's 1981 final Motown album, "In Our Lifetime". The song, essentially a funk-styled instrumental, featured a vocally conscious Gaye mouthing words while playing multiple instruments, including the drums and keyboards, on the first part of the song. The brief second half features a jazz instrumental with Gaye playing piano and drums and singing in falsetto, while his fellow instrumentalists, bassist Frank Blair and guitarist Gordon Banks, accompany him. The song's release among the eight original recordings on "In Our Lifetime" angered Marvin to the point where he severed ties with Motown, his home for twenty years, leaving the label for Columbia. As he told his biographer David Ritz, "I hadn't completed it...The song was in its most primitive stage. All I had was this jive vocal track, and they put it out as a finished fact. How could they embarrass me like that? I was humiliated. They also added guitar licks and bass lines. How dare they second guess my artistic decisions! Can you imagine saying to an artist, say Picasso, 'Okay, Pablo, you've been fooling with this picture long enough. We'll take your unfinished canvas and add a leg here, an arm there. You might be the artist, but you're behind schedule, so we'll finish up this painting for you. If you don't like the results, Pablo, baby, that's touch!'"

[Wikipedia: Levan of Imereti] Levan (Georgian: ლევანი ) (1573–1590), of the Bagrationi Dynasty, was a king of Imereti from 1585 to 1588. He succeeded on the death of his father, George II, in 1585 when he was twelve years old. With his ascend to the throne, Leon faced a revolt by his own uncle, Constantine, who defied the royal authority and took control of Upper Imereti. Leon made an alliance with the Mingrelian prince Mamia IV Dadiani, married his sister Marekhi, and forced Constantine to surrender in 1587. A year later, Imereti was invaded by Simon I, the resurgent king of Kartli in eastern Georgia, who sought to reunify all Georgian lands under his crown. Leon was forced to flee to the highland province of Lechkhumi, but was soon able to resume the throne after Simon had to return to Kartli. However, Leon soon quarreled with his brother-in-law Mamia IV Dadiani who defeated the king and imprisoned him at Fort Shkheti, Mingrelia, where he died in 1590.

[Wikipedia: Hook (video game)] Hook is the title of several video games based on the 1991 film of the same name. A side-scrolling platform game for the Nintendo Entertainment System (NES) and Game Boy was released in the United States in February 1992. Subsequent side-scrolling platform games were released for the Commodore 64 and the Super Nintendo Entertainment System (SNES) later in 1992, followed by versions for the Sega CD, Sega Genesis, and Sega's handheld Game Gear console in 1993. A fighting arcade game was also released in 1993.

[Wikipedia: Slavery in Ethiopia] Slavery in Ethiopia existed for centuries. The practice formed an integral part of Ethiopian society, from its earliest days through to the 20th century. Slaves were traditionally drawn from the Nilotic groups inhabiting Ethiopia's southern hinterland. War captives were another source of slaves, though the perception, treatment and duties of these prisoners was markedly different. Slaves were also sold abroad as part of the Arab slave trade, serving as concubines, bodyguards, servants and treasurers. In response to pressure by Western Allies of World War II, Ethiopia officially abolished slavery and involuntary servitude after having regained its independence in 1942. On 26 August 1942, Haile Selassie issued a proclamation outlawing slavery.

[Wikipedia: Australian Recording Industry Association] The Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA) is a trade group representing the Australian recording industry which was established in 1983 by six major record companies, EMI, Festival, CBS, RCA, WEA and Universal replacing the Association of Australian Record Manufacturers (AARM) which was formed in 1956. It oversees the collection, administration and distribution of music licenses and royalties.

[Wikipedia: The Peel Sessions (Bonzo Dog Band album)] The Peel Sessions is an album of music by The Bonzo Dog Band recorded in 1969. This is one of a series of original recordings made in the BBC studios for the John Peel shows on BBC Radio 1 known collectively as the Peel Sessions. It was released in 1990 on Strange Fruit Records under license from BBC Records and Tapes. Distributed by Dutch East India Trading.

[Wikipedia: Quarry Bank Mill] Quarry Bank Mill (also known as Styal Mill) in Styal, Cheshire, England, is one of the best preserved textile mills of the Industrial Revolution and is now a museum of the cotton industry. It is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II* listed building, and inspired the 2013 television series "The Mill".

[Wikipedia: Attack the Block] Attack the Block is a 2011 British science fiction horror comedy film written and directed by Joe Cornish and starring John Boyega, Nick Frost, Jodie Whittaker and Luke Treadaway. It was the film debut of Cornish, Boyega and future Academy Award-winning composer Steven Price.

[Wikipedia: Elected (Ayreon EP)] Elected is the first EP by progressive metal project Ayreon, owned by Dutch musician Arjen Anthony Lucassen. It was released on 25 April 2008 in Germany, Austria and Switzerland, and on 28 April in the rest of Europe. It features the guest performance of German singer Tobias Sammet, from Avantasia and Edguy.

[Wikipedia: Robert Charles Browne] Robert Charles Browne (born October 31, 1952) is an American man convicted of two murders and serving a double-life sentence in the Florida State Prison. Browne is also self-professed serial killer, alleging that he killed 48 people, mostly women and one in South Vietnam during his time in the US Military. Though many claims made by Browne remain uncorroborated, if accurate his account would make him one of the most prolific serial killers in American history.

[Wikipedia: IberiaBank] IberiaBank Corporation, stylized as IBERIABANK, is an American financial holding company headquartered in Lafayette, LA and the largest bank based in Louisiana. Founded in 1887, it now has over 250 combined offices in 10 states primarily throughout the South. The company has eight locations with representatives of IBERIA Wealth Advisors in four states, and one IBERIA Capital Partners, L.L.C. office in New Orleans.

[Wikipedia: A Thousand Junkies] A Thousand Junkies is a 2017 American comedy-drama film directed by and starring Tommy Swerdlow. It is Swerdlow's directorial debut.

[Wikipedia: Momhil Sar] Momhil Sar, or Mumhail Sar as pronounced in Wakhi is at 7343 m above sea level, is the 64th highest mountain peak in the world. Mumhail Sar in Wakhi means the mountain that overlooks or is above Grandmother's cattle pen or paddock. It is situated in the Hispar Muztagh subrange of the Karakoram range, a few kilometres to the north-west of its parent peak Trivor.

[Wikipedia: Lillian Hellman: An Imperious Life] Lillian Hellman: An Imperious Life is a 2014 book by Dorothy Gallagher. It is a critical biography of the American playwright and writer Lillian Hellman.

[Wikipedia: Transitional bilingualism] Transitional bilingualism is the shift from being bilingual, knowing two different languages, to only speaking one leading language. This usually happens over a period of time and can be seen within a few generations. There are families with immigrant grandparents who speak primarily their native language and some of the new country's language. Their children then speak both languages, but the grandchildren only speak the dominant or preferred language of the new location. The United States provides many examples of this phenomenon. For example, a woman born and raised in Mexico moved to the United States and learned a bit of English and spoke a great deal of Spanish as well. Her daughter, born and reared in the U.S. was equally fluent in both Spanish and English (bilingual). The grandchild of the Mexican immigrant, who was born and has been reared in the U.S., speaks only English.

[Wikipedia: Leo Howard] Leo Richard Howard (born July 13, 1997) is an American actor and martial artist. He began his acting career at the age of seven, Howard is known for incorporating his karate skills into his feature film and television roles; as "Young Snake-Eyes" in the 2009 action film, "", as "Young Conan" in the 2011 fantasy film, "Conan the Barbarian", and as "Jack" on the Disney XD comedy series, "Kickin' It". Howard was certified as the youngest TV director ever by the Guinness World Records for his work on the episode "Fight at the Museum" in the fourth season of the "Kickin' It" TV series at age 16.

[Wikipedia: Dan Goldie] Daniel C. Goldie (born October 3, 1963) is a former tennis player from the United States who won 2 singles (1987, Newport and 1988, Seoul) and 2 doubles titles (1986, Wellington and 1987, Newport). The right-hander reached the quarterfinals of Wimbledon in 1989 where he beat Kelly Evernden, Jimmy Connors, Wally Masur and Slobodan Živojinović before losing to Ivan Lendl. He achieved a career-high ATP singles ranking of World No. 27 in April 1989. Before turning pro, Goldie played tennis for Stanford University, where he won the 1986 National Singles Championship before graduating with a degree in Economics.

[Wikipedia: SpongeBob SquarePants (season 8)] The eighth season of the American animated television series "SpongeBob SquarePants", created by former marine biologist and animator Stephen Hillenburg, originally aired on Nickelodeon in the United States from March 26, 2011 to December 6, 2012, and contained 26 episodes, beginning with the episodes "A Friendly Game" and "Oral Report". The series chronicles the exploits and adventures of the title character and his various friends in the fictional underwater city of Bikini Bottom. The season was executive produced by series creator Hillenburg and writer Paul Tibbitt, who also acted as the showrunner. In 2011, "SpongeBob's Runaway Roadtrip", an anthology series consists of five episodes from the season, was launched.

[Wikipedia: American Writers Association] The American Writers Association (AWA) was an organization formed in 1946 in opposition to an attempt to introduce a form of trade unionism for authors. Its members included writers such as Bruce Barton, John Dos Passos, John Erskine, James T. Farrell, John T. Flynn, Rupert Hughes, Zora Neale Hurston, Clarence Budington Kelland, Clare Boothe Luce, Eugene Lyons, Margaret Mitchell, Ayn Rand, Dorothy Thompson and Louis Waldman.

[Wikipedia: Dziga Vertov Group] The Dziga Vertov Group (French: "Groupe Dziga Vertov" ) was formed in 1968 by politically active filmmakers including Jean-Luc Godard and Jean-Pierre Gorin. Their films are defined primarily for Brechtian forms, Marxist ideology, and a lack of personal authorship. The group, named after 1920s-'30s Soviet filmmaker Dziga Vertov (1896-1954), was dissolved soon after the completion of 1972's "Letter to Jane".

[Wikipedia: Columns of Gediminas] The Columns of Gediminas or Pillars of Gediminas are one of the earliest symbols of Lithuania and one of its historical coats of arms. They were used in the Grand Duchy of Lithuania, initially as a rulers' personal insignia, a state symbol, and later as a part of heraldic signs of leading aristocracy. During the period between World War I and World War II they were used by the Lithuanian Republic as a minor state symbol, e. g. on Litas coins and military equipment.

[Wikipedia: 2012–13 Wagner Seahawks men's basketball team] The 2012–13 Wagner Seahawks men's basketball team represented Wagner College during the 2012–13 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Seahawks were led by the youngest men's head coach in NCAA Division I, Bashir Mason, who was 28 when he was elevated from an assistant position in March 2012 following the departure of Dan Hurley for Rhode Island. The Seahawks played their home games at Spiro Sports Center and were members of the Northeast Conference. They finished the season 19–12, 12–6 in NEC play to finish in a three way tie for second place. They advanced to the semifinals of the Northeast Tournament where they lost to Long Island. For the second consecutive year, despite a winning record, Wagner choose not to participate in a post season tournament.

[Wikipedia: Clément Tyres] Clément Tyres, Clément Pneumatics, Clément Pneumatici, is a Franco Italian tyre manufacturer that was founded by French industrialist and bicycle manufacturer Adolphe Clément-Bayard, possibly around the 1900s. The brand ceased active trading in the 1990s but was revived under American identity in 2010.

[Wikipedia: Masterdome] The Masterdome was located at 137 S. G St. in San Bernardino, California and was a popular concert, sports and rave venue until its destruction. Originally, it was a trolley barn for the Pacific Electric Railway. The Masterdome was home to many concerts, sporting events and raves from 1996 to the Summer of 2001. The city of San Bernardino unsuccessfully tried to close the Masterdome. It was ultimately closed on August 2, 2001 by the San Bernardino fire department recalled the entertainment permits and condemned the venue "Unsafe" due to a collapsing roof. The final event at the Masterdome was Summer Dreams by 26C which took place late in the summer of 2001. The building had already been condemned, thus the entire event took place in the outdoor area.

[Wikipedia: The Last Castle] The Last Castle is a 2001 American action drama film directed by Rod Lurie, starring Robert Redford, James Gandolfini, Mark Ruffalo and Delroy Lindo.

[Wikipedia: MGM Grand Las Vegas] The MGM Grand Las Vegas (formerly Marina and MGM-Marina) is a hotel and casino located on the Las Vegas Strip in Paradise, Nevada. The MGM Grand is the largest single hotel in the United States with 5,124 rooms. It is also the third-largest hotel complex in the world by number of rooms and second-largest hotel resort complex in the United States behind the combined The Venetian and The Palazzo. When it opened in 1993, the MGM Grand was the largest hotel complex in the world.

[Wikipedia: Good Life (The Braxtons song)] "Good Life" is a 1990 single by The Braxtons, featuring Toni Braxton and her four sisters: Towanda, Trina, Traci Braxton, and Tamar Braxton. "Good Life", written by the German songwriting/production team Klarmann/Weber, was Toni Braxton's first professional recording.

[Wikipedia: Queen of Blood] Queen of Blood is a 1966 color science fiction-horror film based on the screenplay for the earlier, Soviet film called "Mechte Navstrechu". The film was produced by George Edwards and Samuel Z. Arkoff, directed by Curtis Harrington, and stars John Saxon, Basil Rathbone, Dennis Hopper, and Judi Meredith. "Queen of Blood" was released by American International Pictures on a double bill with "Blood Bath". Director Harrington reused special effects footage from the Soviet features "Mechte Navstrechu" and "Nebo Zovyot".

[Wikipedia: Fine Gael leadership election, 2017] The 2017 Fine Gael leadership election was triggered in May 2017, when Enda Kenny resigned as party leader. Voting began by members of Fine Gael and Young Fine Gael on 29 May 2017. On 2 June Leo Varadkar was announced as the victor, beating rival Simon Coveney 60% to 40%. With Fine Gael being the governing party at the time, this election effectively appointed a new Taoiseach for Ireland.

[Wikipedia: Wallingford, Oxfordshire] Wallingford is an ancient market town and civil parish in the upper Thames Valley in England. Historically in Berkshire, it was transferred to Oxfordshire for the purposes of administration in 1974. Wallingford is situated 12 mi north of Reading, 13 mi south of Oxford and 11 mi north west of Henley-on-Thames. The town's royal but mostly ruined Wallingford Castle held high status in the early medieval period as a regular royal residence until the Black Death hit the town badly in 1349. Empress Matilda retreated here for the final time from Oxford Castle in 1141. The castle declined subsequently, much stone being removed to renovate Windsor Castle. Nonetheless the town's Priory produced two of the greatest minds of the age, the mathematician Richard of Wallingford and the chronicler John of Wallingford.

[Wikipedia: 2013 German Grand Prix] The 2013 German Grand Prix (formally known as the Formula 1 Großer Preis Santander von Deutschland 2013) was a Formula One motor race that was held on 7 July 2013 at the Nürburgring in Nürburg, Germany. The race was the ninth round of the 2013 season, and marked the 74th running of the German Grand Prix overall, and the 60th running of the German Grand Prix since 1950, when the racing series now known as the Formula One World Championship was created. This is the earliest a German Grand Prix has been held in a calendar year, followed by the 1926 and the 2009 editions of the race.

[Wikipedia: Air Lituanica] Air Lituanica was a Lithuanian airline headquartered in Vilnius and based at Vilnius Airport. It ceased operations in  2015 (2015-) .

[Wikipedia: Jagdish Mandir Kurseong] Jagdish Mandir Kurseong is a temple of Lord Jagganth (Lord Krishna) which is situated in Kurseong town in Darjeeling District of West Bengal, India. The temple was built around 300 years ago by Purohit (Pareek) brothers who came to Kurseong from Mokalpur (Mokala) a small town of Rajasthan. As the Brahmin family of Pareeks were devotees of Lord Krishna the male members of the family made statues of Lord Jagannath from the holy neem tree of the village and set out in different directions to make temples of Lord Jagganath. As per available records many temples of Lord Jagannath were established in different areas of India. The main towns presently known are -

[Wikipedia: Charles Johnstone] Charles Johnstone (  1719 –1800) was an Irish novelist. Prevented by deafness from practising at the Irish Bar, he went to India, where he was proprietor of a newspaper. He wrote one successful book, "Chrysal, or the Adventures of a Guinea", a somewhat sombre satire.

[Wikipedia: Brush with Danger] Brush with Danger is an American action thriller film produced and directed by Livi Zheng. The film stars Ken Zheng, Livi Zheng, Norman Newkirk, Nikita Breznikov, Michael Blend, and Stephanie Hilbert. The film was written, produced, and directed by a brother-sister duo from Indonesia; Livi Zheng and Ken Zheng, who after pursuing martial arts and filmmaking separately, came together to create this martial arts action thriller. The film also includes collaborations with David L Boushey (stunt coordinator) and Garry Schyman (composer). The film was released in theaters in the United States on September 19, 2014.

[Wikipedia: Darrell Scott] James Darrell Scott, known as Darrell Scott (born August 6, 1959), is an American singer-songwriter and multi-instrumentalist. The son of musician Wayne Scott, he moved as a child to East Gary, Indiana (known today as Lake Station, Indiana). He was playing professionally by his teens in Southern California. Later, Darrell moved to Toronto then Boston. He attended Tufts University, where he studied poetry and literature. He has lived in Nashville, Tennessee since about 1995. He has written several mainstream country hits, and he has also established himself as one of Nashville's premier session instrumentalists. His younger brother, David Scott, occasionally accompanies Darrell on the keyboard.

[Wikipedia: Ardencaple Castle] Ardencaple Castle, also known as Ardincaple Castle, and sometimes referred to as Ardencaple Castle Light, is a listed building, situated about 1 smi from Helensburgh, Argyll and Bute, Scotland. Today, all that remains of the castle is a tower, perched on the edge of a plateau, looking down on a flat tract of land between it and the shore of the Firth of Clyde. The original castle was thought to have been built sometime in the 12th century, and part of the remains of the original castle were said to have existed in the 19th century. Today, that sole remaining tower is used as a navigational aid for shipping on the Firth of Clyde. Because of its use as a lighthouse the tower has been called Ardencaple Castle Light.

[Wikipedia: Ryan Clarke (Australian footballer)] Ryan Clarke (born 17 June 1997) is an Australian rules footballer playing for the North Melbourne Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL). He was drafted by the North Melbourne Football Club with their second selection and thirty-first overall in the 2015 national draft. Prior to being drafted he attended the prestigious Melbourne Grammar School and was captain of their First XVIII football team. He made his debut in the thirty-two point loss against West Coast in round 16, 2016 at Domain Stadium. He was rewarded with the round nomination for the Rising Star in the round 18, forty-point win against the Collingwood Football Club at Etihad Stadium where he recorded twenty-seven disposals, twelve contested possessions, four inside-50s and three goal assists.

[Wikipedia: George Dayton] George Draper Dayton (March 6, 1857 – February 18, 1938) was an American businessman and philanthropist, most famous for being the founder of Dayton's department store, which later became Target Corporation.

[Wikipedia: Loserville] Loserville is a musical with music and lyrics by James Bourne and Elliot Davis, originally created for Youth Music Theatre UK. The story is based on an album, "Welcome to Loserville" from Bourne's second band, Son of Dork.

[Wikipedia: Wishing Stairs] Wishing Stairs ( also known as Whispering Corridors 3: Wishing Stairs) is a 2003 South Korean horror film. It is the third installment of the "Whispering Corridors" film series set in girls high schools, but, as with all films in the series, is unrelated to the others; apart from a song being sung in one scene that is a pivotal plot in "Voice".

[Wikipedia: New Hampshire Route 32] New Hampshire Route 32 (NH 32) is a state highway in the U.S. state of New Hampshire. The highway runs 14.139 mi from the Massachusetts state line in Richmond, where the highway continues as Massachusetts Route 32, north to NH 12 in Keene. NH 32 connects the southern Cheshire County towns of Richmond and Swanzey with Keene and Athol, Massachusetts.

[Wikipedia: 1972 Aldershot bombing] The 1972 Aldershot bombing was an attack by the Official Irish Republican Army (Official IRA) using a car bomb on 22 February 1972 in Aldershot, England. The bomb targeted the headquarters of the British Army's 16th Parachute Brigade and was claimed as a revenge attack for Bloody Sunday. Seven civilian staff (mostly female cleaners) were killed and 19 were wounded. It was the Official IRA's largest attack in Britain during "the Troubles" and one of its last major actions before it declared a permanent ceasefire in May 1972. The perpetrator Noel Jenkinson was a Protestant originally from Meath, but had been living in England since 1958; he had been a member of the Communist Party of Great Britain before joining the British Maoist group CDRCU.

[Wikipedia: West Yorkshire Association Football League] The West Yorkshire Association Football League is a football competition based in Yorkshire, England. It was previously known as the Leeds League until the name change in 1939. Although it is named the "West Yorkshire" League, clubs from the Harrogate and York areas of North Yorkshire also play in the competition.

[Wikipedia: Online text-based role-playing game] An online text-based role playing game is a role-playing game played online using a solely text-based interface. Online text-based role playing games date to 1978, with the creation of "MUD1", which began the MUD heritage that culminates in today's MMORPGs. Some online-text based role playing games are video games, but some are organized and played entirely by humans through text-based communication. Over the years, games have used TELNET, internet forums, IRC, email and social networking websites as their media.

[Wikipedia: Herzogenbusch concentration camp] Herzogenbusch concentration camp (Dutch: "Kamp Vught" , ] , German: "Konzentrationslager Herzogenbusch" ] ) was a Nazi concentration camp located in Vught near the city of 's-Hertogenbosch, Netherlands. Herzogenbusch was, with Natzweiler-Struthof in occupied France, the only concentration camp run directly by the SS in western Europe outside of Germany. The camp was first used in 1943 and held 31,000 prisoners. 749 prisoners died in the camp, and the others were transferred to other camps shortly before the camp was liberated by the Allied Forces in 1944. After the war the camp was used as a prison for Germans and Dutch collaborators. Today there is a visitors' center with exhibitions and a national monument remembering the camp and its victims. The camp is now a museum.

[Wikipedia: Nuestra Belleza Nuevo León 2011] Nuestra Belleza Nuevo León 2011, was held at Las Lomas Eventos in Monterrey, Nuevo León on July 12, 2011. At the conclusion of the final night of competition Ivette García of Monterrey was crowned the winner. García was crowned by outgoing Nuestra Belleza Nuevo León titleholder and Nuestra Belleza Mundo México 2010 Cynthia de la Vega. Nine contestants competed for the title.

[Wikipedia: Swanage railway station] Swanage railway station is a railway station located in Swanage, on the Isle of Purbeck in the English county of Dorset. Originally the terminus of a London and South Western Railway (L&SWR) branch line from Wareham, the line and station were closed by British Rail in 1972. It has since reopened as a station on the Swanage Railway, a heritage railway that currently runs from Norden station just north of Corfe Castle to Swanage station. It now also runs to Wareham on certain services, but not on regular services due to signalling problems.

[Wikipedia: Iraqi National Dialogue Council] The Iraqi National Dialogue Council is a Sunni Islamist political party initially established as an umbrella organization of approximately ten smaller Sunni parties to take part in the 2005 Iraqi Constitution drafting process. The party was founded by Saleh al-Mutlaq and Khalaf al-Ulayyan. During the Iraqi Constitution drafting negotiations in 2005, the party was advised by Sadoun al-Zubaydi, an Iraqi foreign policy expert and former personal translator to Saddam Hussein. In the lead-up to the December 2005 elections, Mutlaq left the National Dialogue Council and formed his own party and gave it a similar name: the Iraqi National Dialogue Front. 'Ulayan now leads the party, which is the smallest of three parties that compose the Iraqi Accord Front ("Tawafuq") coalition. The parties which compose the organisation originate from Iraq's wider Arab populated region.

[Wikipedia: Angel of Retribution] Angel of Retribution is the fifteenth studio album by British heavy metal band Judas Priest, released in 2005. It is the band's first album since "Painkiller" (1990) to feature Rob Halford. The album debuted at #13 on the US "Billboard" chart, which made it the third highest chart of a Judas Priest album (the second being "Nostradamus" and the highest being "Redeemer of Souls"). The album was produced by Roy Z, who co-wrote the song "Deal with the Devil".

[Wikipedia: Craig Nicholls] Craig Robert Nicholls (born 31 August 1977) is an Australian musician, best known as the lead singer, songwriter, and guitarist of the Australian alternative rock band The Vines, of which he is the only mainstay member.

[Wikipedia: Angelo Genna] Angelo "Bloody Angelo" Genna (February 3, 1898 – May 26, 1925) was a Chicago bootlegger and organized crime leader during the Prohibition era. The leader of his own Sicilian crime family, he was best known for his war with the North Side Gang leader, Charles Dean O'Banion. Genna masterminded the assassination of O'Banion in November 1924.

[Wikipedia: California State Assembly] The California State Assembly is the lower house of the California State Legislature. It consists of 80 members, with each member representing at least 465,000 people. Due to the state's large population and relatively small legislature, the State Assembly has the largest population-per-representative ratio of any state lower house and second largest of any legislative lower house in the United States after the federal House of Representatives. As a result of Proposition 140 in 1990 and Proposition 28 in 2012, members elected to the legislature prior to 2012 are restricted by term limits to three two-year terms (six years), while those elected in or after 2012 are allowed to serve 12 years in the legislature in any combination of four-year state senate or two-year state assembly terms.

[Wikipedia: Ms Panda and Mr Hedgehog] Panda and Hedgehog () is a 2012 South Korean romantic comedy television series starring Lee Donghae of Super Junior and Yoon Seung-ah. Produced by Song Hae-sung's TV production venture Lion Fish, it aired on Channel A from August 18 to October 7, 2012 on Saturdays and Sundays at 21:55 for 16 episodes.

[Wikipedia: Amaryllis (given name)] Amaryllis (Αμαρυλλίς) is a female ancient Greek name and means "sparkling". According the mythology, the name of the beautiful flower Amaryllis derived from the nymph Amaryllis.

[Wikipedia: Aulacodes traversalis] Aulacodes traversalis is a moth in the Crambidae family. It was described by Harrison Gray Dyar Jr. in 1914. It is found in Panama.

[Wikipedia: Natalie Sorokin] Natalie Sorokin (born 1926), a French woman, had affairs with Simone de Beauvoir and Jean-Paul Sartre. In June 1943 Sorokin's mother complained to the school authorities that De Beauvoir had led her daughter astray. De Beauvoir was accused of behavior leading to the corruption of a minor and her teaching license was suspended for the rest of her life. Sorokin later said her relationship with De Beauvoir and Sartre came to an end when she found this relationship serving only one part. She then started writing and worked for radio.

[Wikipedia: Columbjohn] Columb John (today "Columbjohn") in the parish of Broadclyst in Devon, England, is an historic estate and was briefly the seat of the prominent Acland family which later moved to the adjacent estate of Killerton. Nothing of the structure of the Acland mansion house survives except the arch to the gatehouse, dated about 1590, and the private chapel, restored in 1851. The site of the former mansion house is situated one mile due west of Killerton House, and five miles north-east of the historic centre of the City of Exeter. The estate's name derives from it having been held by the Culme family, whose own name was taken from its landholdings in the vicinity of the River Culm, which flows through the Columb John estate.

[Wikipedia: Education in Hyderabad] Hyderabad is an important seat of learning in southern India. The city hosts two central universities, three deemed universities, and six state universities. Osmania University is one of the oldest universities in India. Many institutes for education like University of Hyderabad, Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University, Hyderabad, International Institute of Information Technology, Indian Institute of Technology, Hyderabad, Tata Institute of Fundamental Research,Hyderabad, Icfai University, Birla Institute of Technology and Science, Pilani – Hyderabad and medical colleges like Nizam's Institute of Medical Sciences are located there. Also based in the city are the Institute of Public Enterprise and the National Academy of Legal Studies & Research (NALSAR). Hyderabad has various research institutes such as the Indian Institute of Chemical Technology, Centre for Cellular and Molecular Biology. It is also the home of Maulana Azad National Urdu University as well as Dr. B.R. Ambedkar Open University. This educational infrastructure attracts students from all over India and some international students (especially from Africa and the Middle East). Most prolific business school in India Nmims is also expanding its roots in Hyderabad.

[Wikipedia: Uncle Samuel] Uncle Samuel is a one-act comic opera with a libretto by Arthur Law and music by George Grossmith. It was first produced at the Opera Comique on 3 May 1881 to 8 October 1881, as companion piece to "Patience". The piece also toured from December 1887 to June 1888 as a companion piece to "H.M.S. Pinafore".

[Wikipedia: Windgap GAA] Windgap GAA is a Gaelic Athletic Association club located in Windgap, County Kilkenny, Ireland. The club was founded in 1954 and is almost exclusively concerned with the game of hurling.Windgap are a Junior club located in South Kilkenny on the Tipperary border. Senior County hurlers from the club are Kieran Purcell and Paddy Walsh. Due to low numbers the underage team amalgamated with Galmoy in 2006 and won the "B" league the same year,they are still joined together in underage levels and have had some good successes. The Juniors have not had any major successes in recent years and are still slugging away in Junior.

[Wikipedia: Robinsons Galleria Cebu] Robinsons Galleria Cebu is a mixed-used development located in North Reclamation Area in Cebu City. The mall is just a few meters from the Port of Cebu and approximately 1 kilometer away from SM City Cebu. The mall is owned and operated by Robinsons Malls. It is the firm's third largest mall (after Robinsons Place Manila and its namesake Robinsons Galleria) and its largest development outside Metro Manila.

[Wikipedia: List of newspapers in India by circulation] This is a list of the top 10 newspapers in India by circulation. These figures include both print and digital subscriptions, are compiled by the Audit Bureau of Circulations. The figures include normal print editions, branded print editions (e.g., regional editions or editions tailored for commuters), and digital subscriptions (e.g., for tablet computers or restricted-access).

[Wikipedia: 2008–09 DFB-Pokal (women)] The DFB-Pokal 2008–09 was the 29th season of the competition. The first round began on 30 August 2008. In the final, held on 30 May 2009 in Berlin FCR 2001 Duisburg defeated Turbine Potsdam 7–0, marking the highest margin by which a Frauen DFB-Pokal final was ever decided.

[Wikipedia: Aquamarine (film)] Aquamarine is a 2006 Australian-American teen comedy film starring Sara Paxton, Emma Roberts and JoJo. The film, which was made in both the United States and Australia, was released in North America on March 3, 2006. The film was loosely based on a children's book of the same name by Alice Hoffman, and was directed by American director Elizabeth Allen. The movie was filmed in Queensland, Australia.

[Wikipedia: Nicholas Christopher] Nicholas Christopher (born 1951) is an American novelist, poet and critic, the author of sixteen books: six novels, eight volumes of poetry, a critical study of film noir, and a novel for children.

[Wikipedia: The Simpsons (season 12)] "The Simpsons"' twelfth season originally aired between November 2000 and May 2001. It began on Wednesday, November 1, 2000 with "Treehouse of Horror XI". The season contains four hold-over episodes from the season 11 (BABF) production line. The showrunner for the twelfth production season was Mike Scully. The season won and was nominated for numerous awards including two Primetime Emmy Awards wins and an Annie Award.

[Wikipedia: Gouding] The Gouding (句町 ) Kingdom lasted approximately 400 years, from 111 BC to 316 AD, and was centered on Guangnan County in modern Wenshan Zhuang and Miao Autonomous Prefecture, Yunnan province, China.

[Wikipedia: The Songs of the Kings] The Songs of Kings was a novel published in 2002 by Barry Unsworth that retells the story of "Iphigenia at Aulis" told by the Greek tragic poet Euripides.

[Wikipedia: Rough Shoot] Rough Shoot, also known as Shoot First, is a 1953 British thriller film starring Joel McCrea and Evelyn Keyes, and featuring Herbert Lom, Marius Goring and Roland Culver. It was directed by Robert Parrish and written by Eric Ambler, based on the 1951 novel "A Rough Shoot" by Geoffrey Household.

[Wikipedia: Apfelwein] Apfelwein (Germany, apple wine), or Viez (Moselfranken, Saarland, Trier, "vice") or Most (Austria, Switzerland, South Germany, "must") are German words for cider. It is mainly made from eating apples or cooking apples, such as Granny Smith or Bramley, respectively. It has an alcohol content of 4.8%–7.0% and a tart, sour taste.

[Wikipedia: Chachoengsao Hi-Tek F.C.] Chachoengsao Hi-Tek Football Club (Thai: สโมสรฟุตบอลจังหวัดฉะเชิงเทรา ), commonly referred to as "Padrew", is a Thailand professional football club based in Chachoengsao Province. They have played in the Thai League 3 Northern region. The club's home stadium is Pimpayachan Stadium. The club founded in 1997 to play semi-professional football tournament in Thailand until 2007, they can promote to play in Thailand professional football league. The club nickname is "The Fighting Fish" (Thai call; "Pla Kud Nak Su"), the most popular fish in the province.

[Wikipedia: Chink Santana] Andre Parker, known by his stage name Chink Santana, is an American R&B musician and producer from Washington, D.C. His achievements include co-producing "Ashanti", the award-winning debut album from the singer of the same name. He also worked on her follow-up, "Chapter II," and has recently co-written and produced tracks on "Judgement Days," the second album by English singer/rapper Ms. Dynamite. He was also part of the making of Jim Jones' album, "Hustler's P.O.M.E. (Product of My Environment)".

[Wikipedia: Online text-based role-playing game] An online text-based role playing game is a role-playing game played online using a solely text-based interface. Online text-based role playing games date to 1978, with the creation of "MUD1", which began the MUD heritage that culminates in today's MMORPGs. Some online-text based role playing games are video games, but some are organized and played entirely by humans through text-based communication. Over the years, games have used TELNET, internet forums, IRC, email and social networking websites as their media.

[Wikipedia: 7.92×57mm Mauser] The 7.92×57mm Mauser (designated as the 8mm Mauser or 8×57mm by the SAAMI and 8 × 57 IS by the C.I.P.) is a rimless bottlenecked rifle cartridge. The 7.92×57mm Mauser cartridge was adopted by the German Empire in 1903/1905, and was the German service cartridge in both World Wars. In its day, the 7.92×57mm Mauser cartridge was one of the world’s most popular military cartridges. In the 21st century it is still a popular sport and hunting cartridge that is factory-produced in Europe and the United States.

[Wikipedia: Aranyaprathet Railway Station] Aranyaprathet Railway Station is a railway station located in Aranyaprathet Subdistrict, Aranyaprathet District, Sa Kaeo, Thailand. The station is a class 1 railway station located 254.5 km from Bangkok Railway Station. Aranyaprathet Railway Station opened in November 1926 as part of the Eastern Line Kabin Buri-Aranyaprathet section.

[Wikipedia: The Liberty] The Liberty is a covered shopping centre located in the London Borough of Havering. It is the largest shopping centre in Romford. It was originally built in 1968 as the Liberty Shopping Centre and underwent a four-year redevelopment completed in 2004. The centre takes its name from the former Liberty of Havering and is owned by the Cosgrave Property Group. It is the largest indoor shopping centre in the borough and covers 730000 sqm with 36400 sqm of retail space, around 100 shops. The Liberty has an annual footfall of 23 million, equating to 425,000 people per week. It is linked to Mercury Shopping Centre (formerly Liberty 2) by an underpass.

[Wikipedia: Auguries of Innocence (poetry collection)] Auguries of Innocence is a poetry collection by Patti Smith, published in 2005. This collection of poetry includes exactly twenty-six recent poems penned by the active, contemporary poet. Drawing on some of her many influences such as William Blake and Arthur Rimbaud, Smith's collection here demonstrates over and over again her knack for detail. Obviously William Blake is a dominant influence on the poet herself, since it shares its title, Auguries of Innocence, with one of William Blake's poems. Upon reviewing both collections it is clearly obvious that both collections share more commonalities than just similar titles. One commonality between this collection and that by Blake's, in regard to the content, is that the poems collected here exhibit subtle nods to Blake. For example, in one of her poems, "The Long Road", by the end of the very first verse the reader has already been exposed to such suggestive visuals as the speaker of the poem sleeping in chimneys and chewing on bulbs, as well as the speaker "sweeping time". Such visuals of Smith's conjure up recollections in the seasoned and experienced reader's mind of Blake's "The Chimney Sweeper" and "The Blossom". While the majority of the twenty-six collected poems have some type of stanza-like arrangement the poet also incorporates several free-verse style poems into the collection, such as Mummer Love, Eve of All Saints, Our Jargon Muffles The Drum, and Written By A Lake.

[Wikipedia: The Dictator (1915 film)] The Dictator is a 1915 American silent comedy film directed by Oscar Eagle and reputedly Edwin S. Porter. It was based on a play "The Dictator" by Richard Harding Davis and produced by Adolph Zukor (Famous Players Film Company) and the Charles Frohman Company. John Barrymore stars in a role played on the stage by William Collier, Sr. whose company Barrymore had performed in this play. The film was rereleased on April 13, 1919 as part of the Paramount "Success Series" of their early screen successes. The story was refilmed in 1922 as "The Dictator" starring Wallace Reid. Today the film is lost.

[Wikipedia: Cyanoacrylate] Cyanoacrylates are a family of strong fast-acting adhesives with industrial, medical, and household uses. Cyanoacrylate adhesives have a short shelf life if not used, about one year from manufacture if unopened, and one month once opened. They have some minor toxicity.

[Wikipedia: Culture Clash in AmeriCCa] Culture Clash in AmeriCCa is a 2005 documentary film directed by Emilio Estevez. It is an anthology of fun and thought-provoking skits and monologues portraying diverse American immigrants. Emlio Estevez doesn't appear in this documentary film. Inspiration came from thousands of interviews conducted nationwide during a period of 20 years, by Culture Clash.

[Wikipedia: Pennsylvania's 10th congressional district] Pennsylvania's 10th Congressional District is located in the central and northeast regions of the state. The district was one of the 12 original districts created prior to the 4th Congress. It is currently represented by Republican Tom Marino, who defeated Democratic incumbent Chris Carney during the 2010 U.S. House elections. In 2006, the 10th district experienced one of the greatest party shifts among all House seats that switched party control: in 2004, Republican Don Sherwood won with an 86% margin of victory over his nearest opponent and two years later, Carney unseated Sherwood by a 53%–47% margin. In 2008, Carney won reelection by 12 points but the district swung back in 2010, electing Tom Marino. The district is mostly Republican in its political composition, an aspect of the district that is reflected especially well in presidential elections. In 2004, President George W. Bush won 60 percent of the vote in the district and in 2008, Senator John McCain beat Senator Barack Obama here by a margin of 54 percent to 45 percent. Nonetheless, Carney easily won reelection as a Democrat the same year McCain won the district. However, in the 2010 midterm elections, Marino unseated Carney by a 55%–45% margin. In 2016, local business man and former mayor of Lewisburg, Pennsylvania, Mike Molesevich challenged Marino for the seat, but he fell to the Republican in November by more than two to one. Marino remains the congressman in the 10th district, but he has expressed interest in a 2018 gubernatorial run rather than standing for reelection.

[Wikipedia: Laser &amp; Photonics Reviews] Laser & Photonics Reviews is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research on all aspects of optical science. It is published by Wiley-VCH and contains reviews and original papers/letters. The journal was established in 2007 by the founding editor-in-chief Theodor W. Hänsch (Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich). Since 2008, the editor-in-chief is Guido W. Fuchs (Wiley-VCH). Originally, the journal only published review articles. Since 2012, it also contains original papers and letters. According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal had a 2011 impact factor of 7.388, ranking it 2nd out of 79 journals in the category "Optics", 8th out of 125 journals in the category "Physics Applied", and 11th out of 69 journals in the category "Physics Condensed Matter".

[Wikipedia: Rocket Jets] Rocket Jets was an attraction in Disneyland at the Disneyland Resort in Anaheim, California. This attraction opened in 1967 with the new Tomorrowland and closed in 1997 for the 1998 New Tomorrowland. It was the third spinning rocket attraction in Tomorrowland and stood three stories above the ground. When Tomorrowland was redone for 1998, the Rocket Jets were replaced by a new attraction based on Orbitron at the entrance to Discoveryland in Disneyland Park Paris.

[Wikipedia: Foreign relations of Germany] The Federal Republic of Germany (FRG) is a Central European country and member of the European Union, G4, G8, the G20, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development and the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO). It maintains a network of 229 diplomatic missions abroad and holds relations with more than 190 countries. As one of the world's leading industrialized countries it is recognized as a major power in European and global affairs.

[Wikipedia: Ty Law] Tajuan E. "Ty" Law (born February 10, 1974) is a former American football cornerback who played fifteen seasons in the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at the University of Michigan. He was drafted by the New England Patriots 23rd overall in the 1995 NFL Draft. Law is a two-time All-Pro, a five-time Pro Bowl selection, a Pro Bowl MVP, and has won three Super Bowls with the Patriots. His 53 career interceptions rank 22nd all-time in NFL history. He is also widely regarded as one of the best Patriots defensive backs of all time. Law was added to the New England Patriots Hall of Fame as the 20th member.

[Wikipedia: Baidu 10 Mythical Creatures] The Baidu 10 Mythical Creatures (), alternatively Ten Baidu Deities, was initially a humorous hoax from the interactive encyclopedia Baidu Baike which became a popular and widespread Internet meme in the People's Republic of China in early 2009.

[Wikipedia: Scunthorpe Telegraph] The Scunthorpe Telegraph is a local paid-for newspaper published and distributed weekly in Scunthorpe, England. It was launched on 8 September 1937. Prior to the "Scunthorpe Telegraph"' s launch, the town was served by the "Grimsby Evening Telegraph".

[Wikipedia: MacBook Pro] The MacBook Pro (sometimes abbreviated MBP) is a line of Macintosh portable computers introduced in January 2006 by Apple Inc. Replacing the PowerBook G4, the MacBook Pro was the second model to be announced during the Apple–Intel transition, after the iMac. It is the high-end model of the MacBook family and is currently available in 13- and 15-inch screen sizes. A 17-inch version was available between April 2006 and June 2012.

[Wikipedia: Lotion play] Lotion Play is a subset of the better known Wet-And-Messy fetish (WAM), which typically involves participants using food (such as pudding or whipped cream), mud, or paint as a lubricant to facilitate sexual activity. Lotion Play isolates lotion specifically as a lubricating medium - setting it apart in the Wet-and-Messy genre, as other common WAM mediums do not have such specific popularity as Lotion Play. Lotion Play (ローションプレイ , rōshon purei ) , also known as gookkake, gluekkake, is a popular fetish, form of Japanese erotica and prostitution request involving the use of copious amounts of lubricant, which in the Japanese language is referred to by the Old-French word "lotion" (ローション in Japanese).Typically lotion play involves a participant rubbing lotion on another using their body, sexual intercourse in a pool or bath filled with lotion, or lotion being poured over the participants during sex. In Japan (and other parts of the world), lotion is available in concentrated form (e.g.: liter/gallon) which can be added to hot water to produce the desired amount of lotion. A 1-gallon concentrate will typically yield 6-10 gallons of lotion (J-Lube Lotion Concentrate). The main component in most lotion is polyacrylate. A similar effect can be achieved by dissolving powdered methyl cellulose in water.

[Wikipedia: Kevin Dunn (musician)] Kevin Dunn (a/k/a Kevin McFoy Dunn), born 10 October 1951 in Jacksonville, Florida, is a guitarist, producer, and songwriter who first came to public notice in context of the fertile new wave scene that arose in Athens and Atlanta, GA, in the late 1970s. In 1975 he and collaborator Alfredo Villar formed the Fans, one of the first Southeastern bands for whom the influence of blues or country music was not primary, their chief inspiration lying instead in the British art rock of the era (Brian Eno, Roxy Music, Robert Fripp, etc.). The band issued three singles — the second of which, "Cars and Explosions" (b/w "Dangerous Goodbyes"), was produced by Mark Miller-Mundy and released on Dai Davies' Albion label — but, destabilized by artistic differences between the principals and disheartened by the failure of a protracted dalliance with A&M Records that had been championed by the label's then-head of A&R John Anthony, they disbanded in 1979.

[Wikipedia: Bihar Gramin Bank] Bihar Gramin Bank is a regional rural bank (RRB) in the state of Bihar, India. The bank was incorporated on 15 October 2012 by amalgamating 2 RRBs namely Bihar Kshetriya Gramin Bank and Samastipur Kshetriya Gramin Bank.

[Wikipedia: Treaty of London (1700)] The Treaty of London, agreed on March 25, 1700 and sometimes known as the Second Partition Treaty, was an attempt to restore the Pragmatic Sanction following the death of Joseph Ferdinand of Bavaria, which had undermined the First Partition Treaty (the Treaty of Den Haag). Under the new Treaty, Archduke Charles (later Emperor Charles VI), the second son of the Emperor Leopold I, was to succeed King Charles II of Spain on his thrones and acquire his oversees colonies.

[Wikipedia: Jonathan Glazer] Jonathan Glazer (born 26 March 1965) is an English filmmaker, whose directing work includes feature films, music videos and advertisements.

[Wikipedia: SafetySuit] SafetySuit is an American pop rock and alternative rock band from Tulsa, Oklahoma, currently based in Nashville, Tennessee. Their 2008 major label debut album "Life Left to Go" featured songs "Stay" and "Someone Like You", the former first achieving fame by climbing to No. 1 on the VH1 Top 20 Video Countdown. In January 2012, SafetySuit followed with their second album "These Times", notable for its songs "Let Go" and "These Times". The album peaked at No. 7 on the "Billboard" 200 and topped the iTunes album chart. Several singles from each of their albums have charted and have been featured on television shows such as "Kyle XY" and "The Hills". Both album releases were met highly favorably by critics, and the band is known for its very energetic live performances. They have toured with many notable artists including 3 Doors Down, The Script, Collective Soul, Ryan Star, Hoobastank, Parachute, Daughtry, and the Goo Goo Dolls.

[Wikipedia: WAKB] WAKB, known on-air as "Magic 100.9", is an urban adult contemporary radio station located in Augusta, Georgia. Licensed by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) to the town of Hephzibah, the station broadcasts on 100.9 FM with an effective radiated power (ERP) of 16,000 watts. The station's studios (which are shared with its other sister stations) are located at the aptly named intersection of Broadcast Drive and Radio Station Road in North Augusta, South Carolina, while a transmitter tower is located on Tobacco Road in Augusta.

[Wikipedia: Roger de Kirkpatrick] Sir Roger de Kirkpatrick of Closeburn (fl. 14th century) was a Scottish gentleman, a 3rd cousin and associate of Robert the Bruce, and a 1st cousin of Sir William Wallace. He was born circa 1280 at the Kirkpatrick stronghold of Closeburn Castle.

[Wikipedia: United States v. Darby Lumber Co.] United States v. Darby Lumber Co., 312 U.S. 100 (1941) , was a case in which the United States Supreme Court upheld the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, holding that the U.S. Congress had the power under the Commerce Clause to regulate employment conditions. The unanimous decision of the Court in this case overturned "Hammer v. Dagenhart" 247 U.S. 251 (1918) , limited the application of "Carter v. Carter Coal Company" 298 U.S. 238 (1936) , and confirmed the underlying legality of minimum wages held in "West Coast Hotel Co. v. Parrish" 300 U.S. 379 (1937) .

[Wikipedia: Achimenes] Achimenes is a genus of about 25 species of tropical and subtropical rhizomatous perennial herbs in the flowering plant family Gesneriaceae. They have a multitude of common names such as magic flowers, widow's tears, Cupid's bower, or hot water plant.

[Wikipedia: 2014 British Formula Ford Championship] The 2014 Dunlop MSA Formula Ford Championship of Great Britain was a multi-event, open-wheel single seater motor racing championship held across England and Scotland. The championship featured a mix of professional motor racing teams and privately funded drivers, competing in Formula Ford cars that conformed to the technical regulations for the championship. This, the 38th British Formula Ford season, was the second year of the single class format, with all drivers using the latest cars built to the Formula Ford EcoBoost specification. There was also an award for the highest placed Rookie. Part of the TOCA tour, it formed part of the extensive program of support categories built up around the BTCC centrepiece. The season commenced on 30 March at Brands Hatch – on the circuit's Indy configuration – and concluded on 12 October at the same venue, utilising the Grand Prix circuit, after 30 races held at 10 meetings, all in support of the 2014 British Touring Car Championship season.

[Wikipedia: David Schwimmer] David Lawrence Schwimmer (born November 2, 1966) is an American actor, director, and producer. He was born in Flushing, Queens, New York, and his family moved to Los Angeles when he was 2. He began his acting career performing in school plays at Beverly Hills High School. In 1988, he graduated from Northwestern University with a Bachelor of Arts in theater and speech. After graduation, Schwimmer co-founded the Lookingglass Theatre Company. For much of the late 1980s, he lived in Los Angeles as a struggling, unemployed actor.

[Wikipedia: Šatorica] Šatorica (Albanian: "Shatoricë" ; Serbian: "Šatorica" , Cyrillic: Шаторица, from the Serbian word "šator" (шатор) which means "tent") is a mountain peak in the southern part of the Kopaonik range in the north of Kosovo . At 1,770m high it is the third highest peak in the Kosovan part of the range and the Lab River originates close to this mountain peak.

[Wikipedia: 2016 ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament] The 2016 ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament (or Rotterdam Open) was a men's tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts. It took place at the Ahoy Rotterdam arena in the Dutch city of Rotterdam, between 8–14 February 2016. It was the 43rd edition of the Rotterdam Open, whose official name is the ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament. The competition was part of the ATP World Tour 500 series of the 2016 ATP World Tour.

[Wikipedia: Akbesia] Akbesia is a genus of moths in the Sphingidae family, containing only one species, the Pistacia hawkmoth, Akbesia davidi, which is known from southern Turkey, northern Syria, northern Israel, western Jordan, south-eastern Turkey, north-eastern Iraq, south-eastern Georgia, northern Iran, eastern Afghanistan and Iranian Beluchistan. It may also occur across Azerbaijan, the Alborz Mountains of northern Iran, the Zagros Mountains of western and southern Iran, and northern Afghanistan. It often occurs in large numbers at certain sites in rocky, hilly areas supporting scattered trees and shrubs of "Quercus", "Olea", "Ceratonia" and "Pistacia".

[Wikipedia: 1982 Miami Dolphins season] The 1982 Miami Dolphins season was the team's seventeenth in the National Football League. The team was coming off an unexpected 11-4-1 1981 season and a devastating loss to the San Diego Chargers in the Divisional Round the previous season in a game dubbed the Epic in Miami. The Dolphins had clinched the 2 seed and were picked by many to reach the Super Bowl during the 1981 season. Because of the high number of picks to reach the Super Bowl the previous season, many more fans picked them to win it during the 1982 season. The Dolphins looked to improve on their 11-4-1 record from 1981. However, a players strike cancelled 7 of the team's 16 games. Because of this, the NFL schedule was shrunk to 9 games. The Dolphins started out fresh, winning their first 2 games prior to the strike. When season play resumed 2 months later, the Dolphins defeated the Buffalo Bills 9-7 in Buffalo to clinch a 3-0 start. After a loss to Tampa Bay, they defeated the Minnesota Vikings 22-14. The next week, they lost a brisk game against the Patriots 3-0 in a game called the Snowplow Game. The Dolphins would then win 3 straight games to end the season 7-2, tied for 2nd in the AFC with the Cincinnati Bengals. The Dolphins won 2nd place over them by virtue of a series of tiebreakers. In the playoffs, they defeated the Patriots in a rematch by the score of 28-13. They then defeated the Chargers in a rematch of the 1981 Divisional Playoffs by a score of 34-13. In the AFC Championship game, they shutout the Jets, 14-0 to reach the Super Bowl for the first time since 1973. In Super Bowl XVII, they lost to the Redskins 27-17 in a rematch of Super Bowl VII which concluded Miami's perfect 1972 season.

[Wikipedia: Chad Bradford] Chadwick Lee "Chad" Bradford (born September 14, 1974) is a former Major League Baseball (MLB) relief pitcher. He was well known for his extreme submarine-style pitching, and his success in MLB despite his unconventional delivery and the slow speed at which he threw the ball (his fastball was only in the mid 80-mph range). This led to him figuring prominently in the Michael Lewis book "Moneyball", which in 2011 was made into the film of the same title. Bradford is played by actor Casey Bond in the film.

[Wikipedia: United States presidential election in Utah, 2012] The 2012 United States presidential election in Utah took place on November 6, 2012 as part of the 2012 General Election in which all 50 states plus The District of Columbia participated. Utah voters chose six electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote pitting incumbent Democratic President Barack Obama and his running mate, Vice President Joe Biden, against Republican challenger and former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney and his running mate, Congressman Paul Ryan. Prior to the election, all 17 news organizations considered this a state Romney would win, or otherwise considered as a safe red state. Utah is among the most heavily Republican states, voting for the Republican ticket in every presidential election since 1968, and is also the only state to have a majority Mormon population, benefiting Romney, the first Mormon to head a major party presidential ticket. He carried every county in the state, all by large margins. However, Obama would go on to win reelection nationwide.

[Wikipedia: Major League Soccer] Major League Soccer (MLS) is a men's professional soccer league, sanctioned by U.S. Soccer, that represents the sport's highest level in both the United States and Canada. MLS constitutes one of the major professional sports leagues of the United States and Canada. The league comprises 22 teams—19 in the U.S. and 3 in Canada. The MLS regular season runs from March to October, with each team playing 34 games; the team with the best record is awarded the Supporters' Shield. The postseason includes twelve teams competing in the MLS Cup Playoffs through November and December, culminating in the championship game, the MLS Cup. MLS teams also play in other domestic competitions against teams from other divisions in the U.S. Open Cup and in the Canadian Championship. MLS teams also compete against continental rivals in the CONCACAF Champions League.

[Wikipedia: Silver Line Way (MBTA station)] Silver Line Way is a surface bus rapid transit station on the MBTA Silver Line, located on Silver Line Way at Pumphouse Road between Massport Haul Road (Trilling Street) and D Street near the South Boston Waterfront. The station is a block south of the Boston Fish Pier; it also serves the Boston Renaissance Waterfront Hotel and the Blue Hills Bank Pavilion.

[Wikipedia: 2009 Cleveland Browns season] The 2009 Cleveland Browns season was the team's 61st season as a professional sports franchise and its 57th season as a member of the National Football League (NFL). The team placed fourth in the AFC North with a record of 5–11, improving upon its 2008 record of 4–12. This season marked George Kokinis and Eric Mangini's first seasons as the team's general manager and head coach, respectively; however, Kokinis was fired on November 2 during the team's Week 9 bye week. The Browns played all of their home games at Cleveland Browns Stadium in Cleveland, Ohio.

[Wikipedia: River Ceiriog] The River Ceiriog (Welsh: "Afon Ceiriog" ) is an 18 mi long river in north east Wales. It is a tributary of the River Dee. It rises at an altitude of around 1800 ft on the south east slopes of Moel Fferna in the Berwyn Mountains, and flows through the Ceiriog Valley in Wrexham County Borough. It flows below Chirk Castle and the town of Chirk, where the Chirk Aqueduct carries the Llangollen Canal over the river. The Ceiriog joins the Dee east of the town. In its lower reaches the river forms the border between Wales and Shropshire in England. Home to a Trout fishing club, the river and its valley were described by British Prime Minister David Lloyd George as "a little bit of heaven on earth". As well as being a home to trout the first grayling to be artificially reared in Wales were released into the river in 2009.

[Wikipedia: NWA World Welterweight Championship] The NWA World Welterweight Championship (Spanish: "Campeonato Mundial Welter de NWA" ) is a professional wrestling championship governed by the National Wrestling Alliance (NWA) and currently promoted by NWA Mexico. The championship was originally created by the Mexican promotion Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL) in 1946. The promotion had control of the championship from 1946 until 1996 and again from 2007 until 2010. From 1996 until 2007 the championship was promoted mainly in Japan, first as one of eight championships that made up the New Japan Pro Wrestling (NJPW) J-Crown Championship. After the J-Crown was discontinued the title remained in Japan being promoted by the Toryumon promotion up until 2007 when it returned to Mexico and CMLL. CMLL was a member of the National Wrestling Alliance up until the late 1980s but chose to keep the championship and the NWA prefix after leaving the NWA. As it is a professional wrestling championship, its holders are determined by promoters or promotions, not by athletic competition. The official definition of the welterweight weight limit in Mexico is 70 kg to 78 kg , but promotions have ignored the weight limit at times and crowned champions both heavier and lighter than the rules defined.

[Wikipedia: Tom Clancy's Net Force Explorers: Safe House] Tom Clancy's Net Force Explorers or Net Force Explorers is a series of young adult novels created by Tom Clancy and Steve Pieczenik as a spin-off of the military fiction series Tom Clancy's Net Force.

[Wikipedia: Bodens Performing Arts College] Bodens Performing Arts College is a full-time Performing Arts College for students aged 16–19 years based in Barnet, Hertfordshire. The part-time school was established in 1973, leading to the opening of the full-time college in 2012. Students undertake BTEC Level 3 Extended in Performing Arts, Trinity Acting Certificate and a Trinity Level 4 Associate Diploma in Acting or Musical Theatre. The course is performance based and students work with resident tutors on a full-time basis, complimented by guest tutors from across the country, experts in their field.

[Wikipedia: The Terminator] The Terminator is a 1984 American science-fiction action film directed by James Cameron. It stars Arnold Schwarzenegger as the Terminator, a cyborg assassin sent back in time from 2029 to 1984 to kill Sarah Connor (Linda Hamilton), whose son will one day become a savior against machines in a post-apocalyptic future. Michael Biehn plays Kyle Reese, a soldier from the future sent back in time to protect Connor. The screenplay is credited to Cameron, along with producer Gale Anne Hurd. Executive producers John Daly and Derek Gibson of Hemdale Film Corporation were instrumental in the film's financing and production.

[Wikipedia: 5.6×61mm VHSE] The 5.6×61mm SE, an abbreviated form of its full designation, the 5.6×61mm [Vom Hofe] Super Express, is a rifle cartridge introduced in Germany in 1937. It is based on the 6.5×55mm Swedish.

[Wikipedia: Giovinezza] "Giovinezza" (] ; Italian for "youth") is the official hymn of the Italian National Fascist Party, regime, and army, and was the unofficial national anthem of Italy between 1924 and 1943. Although often sung with the official national anthem Marcia Reale, some sources consider Giovinezza to have supplanted the Royal March as the "de facto" national anthem ("Inno della Patria") of Italy, to the dismay of Victor Emmanuel III of Italy—a powerful symbol of the diarchy between the King and Mussolini. It was subsequently the official anthem of the Italian Social Republic.

[Wikipedia: Lawton, Oklahoma] The city of Lawton is the county seat of Comanche County, in the State of Oklahoma. Located in southwestern Oklahoma, about 87 mi southwest of Oklahoma City, it is the principal city of the Lawton, Oklahoma Metropolitan Statistical Area. According to the 2010 census, Lawton's population was 96,867, making it the fifth-largest city in the state.

[Wikipedia: Sturm separation theorem] In mathematics, in the field of ordinary differential equations, Sturm separation theorem, named after Jacques Charles François Sturm, describes the location of roots of homogeneous second order linear differential equations. Basically the theorem states that given two linear independent solutions of such an equation the zeros of the two solutions are alternating.

[Wikipedia: Throwing Muses] Throwing Muses is an alternative rock band formed in 1981 in Newport, Rhode Island, that toured and recorded extensively until 1997, when its members began concentrating more on other projects. The group was originally fronted by two lead singers, Kristin Hersh, and Tanya Donelly, who both wrote the group's songs. Throwing Muses are known for performing music with shifting tempos, creative chord progressions, unorthodox song structures, and surreal lyrics. The group was set apart from other contemporary acts by Hersh's stark, candid writing style; Donelly's pop stylings and vocal harmonies; and David Narcizo's unusual drumming techniques eschewing use of cymbals. Hersh's hallucinatory, febrile songs occasionally touched on the subject of mental illness, more often drawing portraits of characters from daily life or addressing relationships.

[Wikipedia: Colin Fleming (racing driver)] Colin Fleming (born April 21, 1984 in San Diego, California) is an American former racing driver who completed in the Formula Renault 2.0 Eurocup, Formula Renault 2000 Germany and Formula Renault 3.5 in 2005 and 2006 with Jenzer Motorsport and Carlin Motorsport, he was also a member from the Red Bull Junior Team, Fleming finished 4th in the Formula Renault 2.0 Eurocup in 2004 and was rookie of the year in the Formula Renault 2000 Germany also in that year. He also raced against fellow American and Californian and future Formula One Driver Scott Speed. In 2005 he switched to the Formula Renault 3.5 with Swiss team Jenzer Motorsport, despite three DNS in the first 3 and missing one race of that season he finished 13th with 34 points with a best finish of 3rd in the second race in the Bugatti Circuit, to 2006 he switched to Carlin where he finished 6th in the first race of the season in Zolder, however he failed to qualify to the Second Race of the weekend and he finished 4th in Circuit de Monaco and 8th in both races in Istanbul Park, after this round he asked to leave Carlin and the Red Bull Junior Team, Red Bull officially released him and he was replaced by fellow Red Bull Junior Team member and Future Formula One Champion Sebastian Vettel, after leaving Red Bull, he returned to the United States to complete in the Atlantic Championship mid-season and he finished 20th with 45 points and since then has not raced anymore in a Major Series, until he decided to retire. Now Colin is a high-level executive with Salesforce.

[Wikipedia: Coyotes (song)] Coyotes is an American Western song written by Bob McDill and closely associated with cowboy singer Don Edwards. It appears on Edwards' 1993 album "Goin' Back to Texas", and was featured on the soundtrack of the 2005 documentary film "Grizzly Man".

[Wikipedia: Mayor of Orange County, Florida] Mayor of Orange County, Florida is the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of County Commissioners. The Mayor is elected countywide. Before the approval by voters of a 2004 charter amendment, the position of Mayor was called "Orange County Chairman", which became an elected position in 1990. The Orange County mayor’s post is the most powerful elected office in Central Florida. The current mayor of Orange County is Teresa Jacobs. Jacobs assumed office on January 4, 2011. The mayor is responsible for the day-to-day operations of the county government, overseeing over 7,000 employees with an annual budget of over $3 billion.

[Wikipedia: Den Nationale Scene] Den Nationale Scene (English: National Theater ) is the largest theatre in Bergen, Norway. Den Nationale Scene is also one of the oldest permanent theatres in Norway.

[Wikipedia: Glow switch starter] A glow switch starter is a type of preheat starter used with fluorescent lamp. It is commonly filled with neon gas or argon gas and contains a bimetallic strip and a stationary electrode. The operating principle is simple, when current is applied, the gas inside ionizes and heats a bimetallic strip which in turn bends toward the stationary electrode thus shorting the starter between the electrodes of the fluorescent lamp After a second the starter's bimetallic strip will cool and open the circuit between the electrodes and the process repeats until the lamp has lit. One disadvantage of glow switch starters is that when the lamp is at the end of its life it will continuously blink on and off until the glow switch starter wears out or an electrode on the fluorescent lamp burns out.

[Wikipedia: Sundays and Cybele] Sundays and Cybele is a 1962 French film directed by Serge Bourguignon. Its original French title is Les dimanches de Ville d'Avray ("Sundays in Ville d'Avray"), referring to the Ville-d'Avray suburb of Paris. The film tells the tragic story of a young girl who is befriended by an innocent but emotionally disabled veteran of the French Indochina War. The film is based on a novel by , who collaborated on the screenplay.

[Wikipedia: List of Good Charlotte awards and nominations] Good Charlotte's songs and albums have received recognition at the MTV Australia Awards, the MTV Europe Music Awards, and the MTV Video Music Awards. "The Anthem" is the second single from the band's second album "The Young and the Hopeless". The song was awarded the "Best Rock Video" award from the MTV Video Music Awards Japan and the "Peoples Choice: Favorite International Group" award from the MuchMusic Video Awards. The band itself has received awards including "Fave International Band" at the Nickelodeon Australian Kids' Choice Awards, "Best International Group" at the NRJ Music Awards, and "Best International Rock Act" at the TMF Awards. As of July 2008, Good Charlotte has received eight awards from twenty nominations.

[Wikipedia: Beaverbrook Art Gallery] The Beaverbrook Art Gallery is a public art gallery in Fredericton, New Brunswick, Canada. It is named after William Maxwell "Max" Aitken, Lord Beaverbrook, who funded the building of the gallery and assembled the original collection. It opened in 1959 with over 300 works, including paintings by J.M.W. Turner and Salvador Dalí. The Beaverbrook Art Gallery is New Brunswick's officially designated provincial art gallery. The building has undergone several expansions, the latest of which began in 2015 and is expected to be completed in 2017. Gallery director and CEO Terry Graff stated that this "expansion and revitalization" aimed to make the gallery "an important destination for national and international contemporary art".

[Wikipedia: Thum Ping Tjin] Thum Ping Tjin (born 17 December 1979), better known as PJ, is a Research Associate at the Centre for Global History and co-ordinator of Project Southeast Asia, University of Oxford. He is the first Singaporean to swim the English Channel. He is also the first Oxford University graduate student to do so. He was a member of the Singapore national swimming team and has represented Singapore at every level, including the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta. He is a Rhodes Scholar and Commonwealth Scholar.

[Wikipedia: Gloster Meteor] The Gloster Meteor was the first British jet fighter and the Allies' only jet aircraft to achieve combat operations during the Second World War. The Meteor's development was heavily reliant on its ground-breaking turbojet engines, pioneered by Sir Frank Whittle and his company, Power Jets Ltd. Development of the aircraft began in 1940, although work on the engines had been under way since 1936. The Meteor first flew in 1943 and commenced operations on 27 July 1944 with No. 616 Squadron RAF. The Meteor was not a sophisticated aircraft in its aerodynamics, but proved to be a successful combat fighter. Gloster's 1946 civil Meteor F.4 demonstrator "G-AIDC" was the first civilian-registered jet aircraft in the world.

[Wikipedia: 1997 FA Women's Cup Final] The 1997 FA Women's Cup Final was the 27th final of the FA Women's Cup, England's primary cup competition for women's football teams. The showpiece event was the fourth to be played directly under the auspices of the Football Association (FA) and was known as the UK Living FA Women's Cup Final for sponsorship reasons. Millwall Lionesses and Wembley contested the match at West Ham United's Upton Park in London on 4 May 1997. Millwall Lionesses made their second final appearance, after winning the trophy in 1991 with a 1–0 win over Doncaster Belles at Prenton Park. Wembley appeared in the final for the first time, having won the previous season's FA Women's Premier League Cup competition.

[Wikipedia: James Foley (director)] James Foley (born December 28, 1953) is an American film director. His 1986 film "At Close Range" was entered into the 36th Berlin International Film Festival. Other films he has directed include "Glengarry Glen Ross", based on the both Pulitzer Prize and Tony Award winning play of the same name by David Mamet (actor Al Pacino received an Academy Award nomination for his performance in the film), and "The Chamber", based on the novel of the same name by best-selling author John Grisham.

[Wikipedia: Linda Lingle] Linda Lingle ("née" Cutter; June 4, 1953) is an American politician, who was the sixth Governor of Hawaii from 2002 until 2010. She was the first Republican elected governor of Hawaii since the departure of William F. Quinn in 1962. Lingle was also the first female governor of Hawaii; first Jewish governor of Hawaii; first county mayor elected governor of Hawaii; and the first governor of Hawaii not to have any children. Prior to her gubernatorial administration, Lingle served as Maui County mayor, council member, and chair of the Hawaii Republican Party.

[Wikipedia: Henry V (play)] Henry V is a history play by William Shakespeare, believed to have been written around 1599. It tells the story of King Henry V of England, focusing on events immediately before and after the Battle of Agincourt (1415) during the Hundred Years' War. In the First Quarto text, it was entitled "The Cronicle History of Henry the fift", which became "The Life of Henry the Fifth" in the First Folio text.

[Wikipedia: Cott] The Cott Corporation is a supplier of private label carbonated soft drinks distributing to the United States, Canada, Mexico, the United Kingdom, and Europe. In addition to producing private-label beverages for retailers, Cott also has portfolio of its own brands, including Cott, RC (excluding the United States, where it is part of Dr Pepper Snapple Group), Ben Shaws, Stars & Stripes, Vintage and Vess soft drinks, ready-to-drink teas, sparkling and flavoured waters, sports and energy drinks, juice drinks and smoothies. Newer Cott brands include Orient Emporium, GL-7, Red Rain Energy and After Shock Energy.

[Wikipedia: Abbey Clancy] Abigail Marie "Abbey" Clancy (born 10 January 1986) is an English lingerie and catwalk model and television presenter. She is married to footballer Peter Crouch, was the runner-up of "Britain's Next Top Model, Cycle 2" and won series 11 of "Strictly Come Dancing" in 2013.

[Wikipedia: Pickpocket (film)] Pickpocket is a 1959 French film directed by Robert Bresson, generally believed to have been inspired by the novel "Crime and Punishment" by Fyodor Dostoevsky. It stars the young Uruguayan Martin LaSalle, who was a nonprofessional actor at the time, in the title role, with Marika Green as the ingénue. It was the first film for which Bresson wrote an original screenplay rather than "adapting it from an existing text."

[Wikipedia: Georgia Southern University] Georgia Southern University (GSU) is a co-educational, research-oriented, public university with the main campus located in Statesboro, Georgia, US. Founded in 1906 as a land grant college, it's part of the University System of Georgia and is the largest center of higher education inside the southern half of Georgia. It offers over 140 different academic majors in a comprehensive array of baccalaureate degrees, as well as master and doctorate programs. The university is one of the biggest within the University System of Georgia, with a current enrollment of more than 20,000 students from all states and approximately 85 nations. Georgia Southern is classified as a Doctoral and Research Institution by the Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching, and as a comprehensive university by the University System of Georgia.

[Wikipedia: Ross Hannaman] She was born Rosalind Judith Hannaman and raised in London. Ross signed to EMI in 1967 to pursue a career in pop music. She was initially managed by Tim Rice, and he and Andrew Lloyd Webber wrote both of her singles and their subsequent b-sides. Her debut single, "Down Thru’ Summer," (b/w “I’ll Give All My Love To Southend”) was released in 1967. It received airplay on the offshore pirate radio station Radio London, made the station's Fab 40 chart, but did not feature in the official UK chart listings. Shortly after, her second single, “1969”, was released. Its b-side was a lush ballad entitled “Probably on Thursday." Like its predecessor, “1969” went nowhere on the charts and Hannaman's solo career ended. Both of the singles are very rare and highly sought after by Andrew Lloyd Webber and Tim Rice collectors.

[Wikipedia: Cavaliers–Warriors rivalry] The Cavaliers–Warriors rivalry is a National Basketball Association (NBA) rivalry between the Cleveland Cavaliers and the Golden State Warriors. While the two teams have played each other since the Cavaliers joined the league in 1970, their rivalry did not develop until the 2014–15 season, when they met in the first of three consecutive NBA Finals series. The two teams have met in three straight NBA Finals, becoming the only two teams in NBA history to do so. Of these three series, the Warriors have won two, most recently in 2017the Cavaliers have won one, in 2016. The two teams feature 11 NBA All-Stars: LeBron James, Kyrie Irving, Kevin Love, Deron Williams and Kyle Korver (Cleveland), and Stephen Curry, Kevin Durant, Draymond Green, Klay Thompson, David West and Andre Iguodala (Golden State). Two players, Andrew Bogut and Anderson Varejão, played for both teams during this time.

[Wikipedia: Bob Marley Museum] The Bob Marley Museum is a museum in Kingston, Jamaica, dedicated to the reggae musician Bob Marley. The museum is located at 56 Hope Road, Kingston 6, and is Bob Marley's former place of residence. It was home to the Tuff Gong reggae record label which was founded by The Wailers in 1970. In 1976, it was the site of a failed assassination attempt on Bob Marley. The Chicago-based band 56 Hope Road takes its name in homage to the address.

[Wikipedia: Lego Star Wars: The Video Game] Lego Star Wars: The Video Game is a Lego-themed, action-adventure video game based on the Lego Star Wars line of toys, and the first game in TT Games' Lego video game franchise. It was first released on 29 March 2005, and is a video game adaptation of the "Star Wars" prequel trilogy: "" (1999), "" (2002) and "" (2005), with a bonus segment from "A New Hope" (1977).

[Wikipedia: U.S.A. Confidential] U.S.A. Confidential is a 1952 book written by Jack Lait and Lee Mortimer (Crown Publishers). Its theme is crime and corruption. The book is remarkable for early mentions of many who would become infamous, among them Benny Binion and Jimmy Fratianno.

[Wikipedia: Alan Turing] Alan Mathison Turing ( ; 23 June 1912 – 7 June 1954) was an English computer scientist, mathematician, logician, cryptanalyst, philosopher and theoretical biologist.

[Wikipedia: Paravakkal] Paravakkal is a southeastern Indian town in the Kadungapuram village of the Puzhakkattiri panchayath, located in the Malappuram district, in the Indian state of Kerala. It was the homeland of Valluvanad, an erstwhile kingdom in Malabar. Perinthalmanna, Malappuram, and Kottakkal are some of the major towns nearby. The town's name originated from the Hindu caste name "Parava".

[Wikipedia: United States presidential election, 1964] The United States presidential election of 1964 was the 45th quadrennial presidential election. It was held on Tuesday, November 3, 1964. Democratic candidate and incumbent President Lyndon B. Johnson had come to office less than a year earlier following the assassination of his predecessor John F. Kennedy. Johnson, who had successfully associated himself with Kennedy’s popularity, won 61.1% of the popular vote, the highest win by a candidate since James Monroe’s re-election in 1820. It was the most lopsided US presidential election in terms of popular votes, and the tenth-most lopsided presidential election in the history of the United States in terms of electoral votes. No candidate for president since has equalled or surpassed Johnson’s percentage of the popular vote, and since 1820, only Abraham Lincoln in 1864, Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1936, Richard Nixon in 1972 and Ronald Reagan in 1980 and 1984 have won by a greater electoral vote margin.

[Wikipedia: Rasmus Rasmussen (actor)] He was born in Molde, a son of captain Chrispinus Martinus Rasmussen and Anna Helene Carlsen. He emigrated to the United States around 1880, where he earned his living as a logger, but returned to Norway some years later. He performed at Den Nationale Scene in Bergen from 1887 to 1910. The next two years he toured Norway as a singer. He was the first theatre director of Det Norske Teatret, from 1912 to 1914, and during this period he also contributed as actor in several plays. He served as theatre director at Trondhjems nationale Scene from 1916 to 1924.

[Wikipedia: Wake Forest Demon Deacons women's soccer] The Wake Forest University Demon Deacons women's soccer team is an amateur, NCAA Division I college soccer team composed of students attending Wake Forest University in Winston-Salem, North Carolina. They achieved their greatest result in 2011, when they reached the College Cup. Like all sports teams from Wake Forest, women's soccer competes in the Atlantic Coast Conference. The Deacons play their home matches at Spry Stadium on the campus of Wake Forest.

[Wikipedia: Shoulder to Shoulder] Shoulder to Shoulder is a 1974 BBC television serial and book relating the history of the women's suffrage movement, both edited by Midge Mackenzie. The drama series grew out of discussions between Mackenzie and the actress and singer Georgia Brown, who was dissatisfied at the lack of decent roles for women in TV drama. Brown enlisted the producer Verity Lambert in the project she and Mackenzie were devising to dramatise the struggle for women's suffrage, and the three women presented the idea to the BBC, which gave approval for the series. Originally they had hoped to use only female script writers but this proved impracticable. Male writers were used and the three female originators of the project found they needed to remove from their scripts a number of 'innuendoes, misconceptions and untruths' indicative of what Georgia Brown termed "the male point of view".

[Wikipedia: 2016 Pakistan Super League Final] The 2016 Pakistan Super League Final was a Twenty20 cricket match played on 23 February 2016, at Dubai International Cricket Stadium, Dubai between Quetta Gladiators and Islamabad United to determine the winner of the 2016 season of the Pakistan Super League.

[Wikipedia: Elliott Hewitt] Elliott Jack Hewitt (born 30 May 1994) is a Welsh professional footballer who plays for League Two club Notts County. He can play in a variety of different positions, including right-back, centre-back, winger or central midfield. He is known at Notts County for his versatility and pace.

[Wikipedia: Yannick Ferreira Carrasco] Yannick Ferreira Carrasco (born 4 September 1993) is a Belgian professional footballer who plays as a winger for Spanish club Atlético Madrid and the Belgium national team.

[Wikipedia: QuickDraw] QuickDraw is the 2D graphics library and associated Application Programming Interface (API) which is a core part of the classic Mac OS operating system. It was initially written by Bill Atkinson and Andy Hertzfeld. QuickDraw still existed as part of the libraries of Mac OS X, but had been largely superseded by the more modern Quartz graphics system. In Mac OS X v10.4, QuickDraw has been officially deprecated. In Mac OS X v10.5 applications using QuickDraw cannot make use of the added 64-bit support. In Mac OS X v10.8, QuickDraw header support was removed from the operating system. Applications using QuickDraw will still run under OS X 10.8 through macOS 10.12; however, the current versions of Xcode and the macOS SDK do not contain the header files to compile such programs.

[Wikipedia: Elton John] Sir Elton Hercules John, (born Reginald Kenneth Dwight; 25 March 1947), is an English singer, pianist, and composer. He has worked with lyricist Bernie Taupin as his songwriting partner since 1967; they have collaborated on more than 30 albums to date. In his five-decade career Elton John has sold more than 300million records, making him one of the best-selling music artists in the world. He has more than fifty Top 40 hits, including seven consecutive No. 1 US albums, 58 "Billboard" Top 40 singles, 27 Top 10, four No. 2 and nine No. 1. For 31 consecutive years (1970–2000) he had at least one song in the "Billboard" Hot 100. His tribute single, re-penned in dedication to the late Princess Diana, "Candle in the Wind 1997" sold over 33million copies worldwide and is the best-selling single in the history of the UK and US singles charts. He has also composed music, produced records, and has occasionally acted in films. John owned Watford Football Club from 1976 to 1987, and 1997 to 2002. He is an honorary Life President of the club, and in 2014 had a stand named after him at the club's home stadium.

[Wikipedia: Grown Ups 2] Grown Ups 2 is a 2013 American comedy film directed by Dennis Dugan and co-produced by Adam Sandler, who also starred in the film. It is the sequel to the 2010 film "Grown Ups". The film co-stars Kevin James, Chris Rock, David Spade, Nick Swardson, and Salma Hayek. The film is produced by Adam Sandler's production company Happy Madison Productions and distributed by Sony Pictures Releasing. The film was released on July 12, 2013. The film grossed roughly $247 million on an $80 million budget. Like the first film, it was widely panned by critics. It was nominated for nine Razzies at the 2014 Golden Raspberry Awards.

[Wikipedia: Wonder World Tour (Wonder Girls)] Wonder World Tour is the third concert tour by South Korean girl group Wonder Girls. The concert tour kicked off in Seoul, South Korea. This would be the Wonder Girls’ 2nd solo concert in Korea since 2009.

[Wikipedia: Ptolemaic Kingdom] The Ptolemaic Kingdom ( ; Ancient Greek: Πτολεμαϊκὴ βασιλεία , "Ptolemaïkḕ basileía") was a Hellenistic kingdom based in Egypt. It was ruled by the Ptolemaic dynasty which started with Ptolemy I Soter's accession after the death of Alexander the Great in 323 BC and which ended with the death of Cleopatra VII and the Roman conquest in 30 BC.

[Wikipedia: Charleston, South Carolina] Charleston is the oldest and largest city in the U.S. state of South Carolina, the county seat of Charleston County, and the principal city in the Charleston–North Charleston–Summerville Metropolitan Statistical Area. The city lies just south of the geographical midpoint of South Carolina's coastline and is located on Charleston Harbor, an inlet of the Atlantic Ocean formed by the confluence of the Ashley and Cooper rivers. Charleston had an estimated population of 134,385 in 2016. The estimated population of the Charleston metropolitan area, comprising Berkeley, Charleston, and Dorchester counties, was 761,155 residents in 2016, the third-largest in the state and the 78th-largest metropolitan statistical area in the United States.

[Wikipedia: National Review Board] The National Review Board (full name: National Review Board for the Protection of Children and Young People) is a committee created in 2002 by the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops in order to monitor the implementation of the Charter for the Protection of Children and Young People in the wake of the clerical abuse scandal in the United States. The Board was also charged with investigating the scandal, which it did in part by commissioning the John Jay College to conduct a survey of Church records in order to define the nature and scope of the abuse committed by priests over the period between 1950 and 2002. The results of that survey were released in 2004 in what has come to be known as the "John Jay Report" or "Nature and Scope report." In parallel with the John Jay College survey the Board conducted interviews with a variety of people, both inside and outside the Church, who were well placed to comment on the scandal, and on the basis of these interviews prepared a more broad-ranging report of its own. Whereas the John Jay College report was (as intended) primarily a factual summary of the data collected in the College’s survey of Church records, the Board’s own report sought to interpret these data and its other findings in order to explain why the “epidemic” of clerical abuse had occurred and to identify the appropriate steps to avoid any repetition.

[Wikipedia: Tom Rothrock] Tom Rothrock is an international record producer, composer, musician and owner of Bong Load Records. Tom Rothrock has worked with James Blunt, Foo Fighters, Moby, Beck, Badly Drawn Boy, R. L. Burnside, Athlete, Sloan, Gwen Stefani, Motörhead, Elbow, Stevie Nicks, Poison, Elliott Smith, Richard Thompson, Yonder Mountain String Band. Rothrock has also composed or contributed to soundtracks for notable motion pictures such as "About A Boy", "Good Will Hunting", "Collateral" and "The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie".

[Wikipedia: List of Alyas Robin Hood episodes] Alyas Robin Hood is a Philippine drama-action series broadcast by GMA Network starring Dingdong Dantes, Megan Young and Andrea Torres. It premiered on September 19, 2016 on GMA Telebabad prime time block and also aired worldwide on GMA Pinoy TV. The first season ended its 23-week run on February 24, 2017, with a total of 115 episodes, and replaced by "Destined to be Yours".

[Wikipedia: Mansoor Ali Khan Pataudi] Mansoor Ali Khan or Mansur Ali Khan sometimes M. A. K. Pataudi (5 January 1941, Bhopal – 22 September 2011, New Delhi), nicknamed Tiger Pataudi, was an Indian cricketer and former captain of the Indian cricket team. He was the titular Nawab of Pataudi from 1952 until 1971, when by the 26th Amendment to the Constitution of India the privy purses of the princes were abolished and official recognition of their titles came to an end. He has been described as "India’s greatest cricket captain". He was appointed captain of the Indian team at the age of 21 even though several other players were more experienced.

[Wikipedia: Savage, Maryland] Savage is an unincorporated community and census-designated place located in Howard County, Maryland, about 18 mi south of Baltimore and 21 mi north of Washington, D.C. It is situated close to the city of Laurel and to the planned community of Columbia. As of the 2010 census it had a population of 7,054. The former mill town is a registered historic place, and has many original buildings preserved within and around the Savage Mill Historic District.

[Wikipedia: A Moment in Chiros] A Moment in Chiros is American heavy metal vocalist Lance King's studio debut album as a solo artist, featuring the musical contributions of many of his friends, contemporaries and business associates.

[Wikipedia: Ariegeois] The Ariegeois is a breed of dog from the "département" of Ariège in the Midi-Pyrenées region of southern France. It is a medium-sized pack-hunting scenthound deriving from crossing of Grand Bleu de Gascogne and Grand Gascon-Saintongeois hounds with local Briquet dogs. It is used both as a courser and for driving game to waiting guns. While most successful with hares, it is also used for hunting deer and boar. It is distinguished by its friendly nature with other hounds and affection for human companions.

[Wikipedia: 1988–89 Georgetown Hoyas men's basketball team] The 1988–89 Georgetown Hoyas men's basketball team represented Georgetown University in the 1988–89 NCAA Division I basketball season. John Thompson, Jr., coached them in his 17th season as head coach. They played their home games at the Capital Centre in Landover, Maryland. They were members of the Big East Conference and finished the season with a record of 29-5, 13-3 in Big East play. They finished as the Big East regular season champions and won the 1989 Big East Men's Basketball Tournament, the sixth Big East Tournament championship in Georgetown men's basketball history, defeating Syracuse in the final game. They were the No. 1 seed in the East Region of the 1989 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament – the 11th of 14 consecutive Georgetown NCAA Tournament appearances – and advanced to the East Region final before losing to the region′s No. 2 seed, Duke. They were ranked No. 2 in the season' s final Associated Press Poll and Coaches' Poll.

[Wikipedia: Dian Kingdom] The Dian Kingdom () was an ancient kingdom established by the Dian people, an ancient group of indigenous non-Chinese metalworking tribes that inhabited around the Dian Lake plateau of central northern Yunnan, China from the late Spring and Autumn period until the Eastern Han dynasty. The Dian buried their dead in vertical pit graves. The Dian language was likely one of the Tibeto-Burman languages. The Dian were gradually displaced and assimilated into Han Chinese culture as the Han dynasty expanded towards what is now Yunnan. The Han annexation of the Dian Kingdom in 109 BC eventually led to the establishment of the Yizhou commandery.

[Wikipedia: Ceratophyllum echinatum] Ceratophyllum echinatum, commonly called spineless hornwort, is an aquatic perennial plant of the genus Ceratophyllum. It can be found in ponds and lakes. It is principally an eastern North American species and the only species of its genus endemic to North America.

[Wikipedia: Angélique Kidjo] Angélique Kpasseloko Hinto Hounsinou Kandjo Manta Zogbin Kidjo, known as Angélique Kidjo (born July 14, 1960), is a Grammy Award-winning Beninese singer-songwriter and activist, noted for her diverse musical influences and creative music videos. "Time" magazine has called her "Africa's premier diva". The BBC has included Kidjo in its list of the African continent's 50 most iconic figures. "The Guardian" has listed her as one of its Top 100 Most Inspiring Women in the World and Kidjo is the first woman to be listed among "The 40 Most Powerful Celebrities In Africa" by "Forbes" magazine. The "Daily Telegraph" in London described her as "The undisputed queen of African music" during the 2012 Olympic Games River of Music Festival. In March 2013, NPR, National Public Radio in America, called her "Africa's greatest living diva". Kidjo is listed among the "2014 Most Influential Africans" by "New African" magazine and Jeune Afrique. Forbes Afrique put Kidjo on the cover of their "100 most influential women" issue in 2015. On June 6, 2013, Kidjo was elected vice-president of the Confédération Internationale des Sociétés d´Auteurs et Compositeurs (CISAC). She now resides in New York City, where she is an occasional contributor to the "New York Times". Kidjo has received Honorary Doctorates from Yale University, Berklee College of Music and Middlebury College.

[Wikipedia: McGruff (rapper)] Herbert Brown, better known by his stage name McGruff (also known as Herb McGruff) is an American Hip hop recording artist from Harlem, New York City, New York. Brown started rapping in his early teens. He embarked on his music career in the hip hop group Bronx Most Wanted, alongside rappers Jay Q and Tee U.B. Brown later became a member of the hip hop collective Children of the Corn. As a member of Children of the Corn, Brown worked alongside Big L, Cam'ron, Bloodshed and Mase, all of whom would go on to have successful careers in the music industry. After the group disbanded without releasing any material, Brown made his first appearance on Big L's debut album, "Lifestylez ov da Poor & Dangerous" (1995), on the tracks "8 Iz Enuff" and "Dangerzone". Eventually, Brown signed a deal with popular hip hop label, Uptown Records and began recording his debut album, "Destined to Be". In early 1998, the album's lead single "Before We Start" became a minor hit, charting on several "Billboard" charts. In the Summer of 1998, "Destined to Be" was released but failed to sell many copies, only peaking at 169 on the "Billboard" 200, and Brown was released from his contract. Brown would make appearances with Heavy D on his album, "Waterbed Hev" and the "Woo" soundtrack. In 2009, Brown appeared on Mase's mixtape "I Do the Impossible". In 2010, he was featured heavily on The Diplomats mixtape, "The D.I.P. Agenda." In 2014, DJ Kay Slay, enlisted Brown, along with Raekwon, Fat Joe, Ghostface Killah, Sheek Louch, N.O.R.E., Lil' Fame, Prodigy and Rell, for a song titled "90s Flow".

[Wikipedia: Metropistas] Autopistas Metropolitanas de Puerto Rico, LLC (English: "Puerto Rico Metropolitan Highways" ) better known as Metropistas (English: "Metro Highways" ) is the public–private partnership, privately held company, and limited liability company that operates Puerto Rico Highway 5 (PR-5) and Puerto Rico Highway 22 (PR-22) on behalf of the Puerto Rico Highways and Transportation Authority. The company is a consortium between Goldman Sachs and Abertis where Goldman Sachs initially served as majority owner through its Goldman Sachs Infrastructure Partners II infrastructure fund, while Abertis initially served as minority partner and main operator. However, on February 2013 Abertis acquired 6% of Goldman Sach's equity, elevating its position as majority owner with 51% ownership.

[Wikipedia: Burra, South Australia] Burra is a pastoral centre and historic tourist town in the mid-north of South Australia. It lies east of the Clare Valley in the Bald Hills range, part of the northern Mount Lofty Ranges, and on Burra Creek. The town began as a single company mining township that, by 1851, was a set of townships (company, private and government-owned) collectively known as "The Burra". The Burra mines supplied 89% of South Australia's and 5% of the world's copper for 15 years, and the settlement has been credited (along with the mines at Kapunda) with saving the economy of the struggling new colony of South Australia. The Burra Burra Copper Mine was established in 1848 mining the copper deposit discovered in 1845. Miners and townspeople migrated to Burra primarily from Cornwall, Wales, Scotland and Germany. The mine first closed in 1877, briefly opened again early in the 20th century and for a last time from 1970 to 1981.

[Wikipedia: Community Health Initiative (CHI)] Impact India Foundation's Community Health Initiative (CHI) covers 1.5 million backward tribals in the State. CHI aims at the reduction of existing disabilities and incidence of future disabilities through prevention and cure using existing delivery systems and available infrastructure, in partnership with Government, NGOS and local community. CHI has achieved 72% reduction in disability in Thane District, Maharashtra (2005 to 2012), using existing infrastructure and available delivery systems. The CHI is a well-integrated set of "preventive health programmes" aimed at the holistic improvement of the health of the community, with specific focus on Reproductive, Maternal, Newborn & Child Health + Adolescent (RMNCH +A). The CHI activities are in support of the goals of the National Health Mission and in consonance with the United Nations’ Millennium and Sustainable Development Goals-2015.

[Wikipedia: Miss You Already] Miss You Already is a 2015 British romantic comedy-drama film directed by Catherine Hardwicke and written by Morwenna Banks. The film stars Toni Collette, Drew Barrymore, Dominic Cooper, Paddy Considine, Tyson Ritter, Frances de la Tour, and Jacqueline Bisset. It was screened in the Gala Presentations section of the 2015 Toronto International Film Festival.

[Wikipedia: Rusty Hamer] Russell Craig "Rusty" Hamer (February 15, 1947 – January 18, 1990) was an American stage, film and television actor. He is best known for portraying Rusty Williams, the wise cracking son of entertainer Danny Williams (Danny Thomas), on the popular ABC/CBS situation comedy "Make Room for Daddy" (later retitled "The Danny Thomas Show"), from 1953 to 1964. He reprised the role in three reunion specials and the sequel series, "Make Room for Granddaddy", that aired on ABC from 1970 to 1971.

[Wikipedia: Wanted (1967 film)] Wanted is an Italian western film released in 1967. It was directed by Giorgio Ferroni and starring Giuliano Gemma, Teresa Gimpera, and Nello Pazzafini. Gemma made two more westerns directed by Ferroni, with similar plots, where his character likewise carried the first name "Gary".

[Wikipedia: Battle of Alcantara (1706)] The Battle of Alcantara was a battle between British and French forces in 1706, as part of the War of the Spanish Succession. Lord Galway led a force of British and Portuguese soldiers to attack the garrison at Alcántara. Part of James FitzJames, 1st Duke of Berwick's army was lost for the French. In total, ten French battalions laid down their arms and surrendered 60 guns to Galway's troops.

[Wikipedia: Embassy of Austria, London] The Embassy of Austria in London is the diplomatic mission of Austria in the United Kingdom. Austria also maintain a Commercial Section at 45 Prince’s Gate, South Kensington and a Cultural Section at 28 Rutland Gate, South Kensington.